Genesis 1:1 in the beginning god created heaven and earth.

Genesis 1:2 the earth was deserted and deserted, and there was tear over the abyss, and the spirit of god wrapped over the waves.

Genesis 1:3 then god said, " become light ! " and there was light.

Genesis 1:4 god saw that the light was good, and god separated the light from the light.

Genesis 1:5 and god called the light day, and the number he called noon. and it was afternoon, and it was afternoon, the first day.

Genesis 1:6 then god said, " may it be a stone in the ways, and it must separate water from water. "

Genesis 1:7 so god made the firmament and separated the waters that are under the firmament, from the waters that are under the firmament. and it was.

Genesis 1:8 so god called the firmament heaven. so it was afternoon and was afternoon, the second day.

Genesis 1:9 then god said, " let the water who are under heaven together together together and be suffered. " and it was so.

Genesis 1:10 and god called the suffering land, and the ground of the water he called the sea. and god saw that it was good.

Genesis 1:11 then god said, " let the earth produce grain seed, a seed that produces fruit, seed fruit that produces fruit in its seed. " and it was so.

Genesis 1:12 then the earth produced grain seed, a seed seat according to its seed and a tree that produces fruit with them according to its seed. and god saw that it was good.

Genesis 1:13 and it was afternoon and it was morgen, the third day.

Genesis 1:14 then god said, " let light be light in the light of heaven to separate the day from the number, and they must be signs and sight and times and days.

Genesis 1:15 and they must be light in the cloud of heaven so that they can light on earth. " and it was so.

Genesis 1:16 so god made the two great differings, the great light to share over the day and the great light to share on the day, and the stones.

Genesis 1:17 and god gave them in the firmament of heaven to lying light

Genesis 1:18 and to governot the day and the number and to separate the light from the light. and god saw that it was good.

Genesis 1:19 and it was afternoon and was morning, the third day.

Genesis 1:20 then god said, " let the water produce living creature, and leaves leaves over the earth because of the firstborn of the earth. "

Genesis 1:21 then god created the fourishness of the mountains and all the four-food spects that are destroyed, and all the beast according to their souls. and god saw that it was good.

Genesis 1:22 and god blessed them and said, " be plound and rejoice, and rejoice the water in the sea, and the fure must be multiplied in the earth. "

Genesis 1:23 so it was afternoon and it was morgen, the feast of the third.

Genesis 1:24 then god said, " let the earth produce life according to their soil, flesh, roaves, and reptiles of the earth according to their soil. " and it was so.

Genesis 1:25 then god made the bodies of the earth according to their souls and the book according to their souls and all the bodies of the earth according to their souls. and god saw that it was good.

Genesis 1:26 then god said, " let us praise our image according to our image, and they will domine over the flesh of the sea, over the flesh of the sea, over the flesh of the earth, over the beast and on all the earth and on all the earth who lives on the earth. "

Genesis 1:27 so god created the man to his own beast, according to the image of god he created him ; he created them a man and woman.

Genesis 1:28 and god gave them fruit, and god said to them, " follow and follow, and follow the earth and rejoice in the fish of the sea, and over all the flesh of the sea, and over all the heavens who lives over the earth. "

Genesis 1:29 then god said, " look, i have given you all the seed that sees seed for all the seed and every tree that produces fruit that is fruit. it will be your seed.

Genesis 1:30 but to all the beast of the earth and to all the beast of the earth, and to all the things that live in the ground, i have given all seed for life. " and it was so.

Genesis 1:31 so god saw everything that he had done, and it was very good. and it was afternoon, and it was afternoon, the morning day.

Genesis 2:1 so the heaven and earth and all their hearts were fulfilled.

Genesis 2:2 now the seventh day god fulfilled his work that he had done, and he required on the seventh day that he had done.

Genesis 2:3 then god beneficial the seventh day and sanctified it, because in this he left from all his work that god had created and loved.

Genesis 2:4 this is the creation of the earth and the earth when they were created, when the lord god made the earth and the earth,

Genesis 2:5 for there was no food of food in the earth and no work of the ground, for the lord god did not brew the root on the earth and there was no work to bear the earth.

Genesis 2:6 but a suffering ascended from the earth and gathered the whole ground of the earth.

Genesis 2:7 then the lord god formed the earth from the stop of the earth and burned in his flesh living life, and the man was a dust of life.

Genesis 2:8 then the lord god planted a sower in eden, in the oath, and put there the man he had forced.

Genesis 2:9 and the lord god produced all the ground from the ground that was made good and evil to eat, and the tree of life in the ground, and the tree of the tree in the ground, and the tree of good and evil deeds.

Genesis 2:10 and a river came out of eden to redend the tree, and from there it was distributed and was in fire.

Genesis 2:11 the name of the first is pison. it is the one who lives the land of havila, where there is gold.

Genesis 2:12 the gold of the earth is good. there is bdellith and onyx.

Genesis 2:13 the name of the second wine is gihon. it is the one who lives the whole land of cus.

Genesis 2:14 the third name of the third is hiddekel. it is the one who lives on the oil of assur. the four flood is the eufrat.

Genesis 2:15 then the lord god took the man and took him into the eder of eden to worship and guard him.

Genesis 2:16 then the lord god commanded the man and said, " from every tree of the tree you will eat,

Genesis 2:17 but from the good tree of good and evil you do not eat, for through the day you eat it will eat. "

Genesis 2:18 then the lord god said, " it is not good to be a person. i will make him a powerful powerful for him. "

Genesis 2:19 so the lord god made the foundation of the earth and all the fours of the flesh and brought them to adam to see how he would bring them to be called. and the one who called them to be called the name of the beast, it was his name.

Genesis 2:20 so adam gave name to all the beast and all the wilderness of the wilderness and to all the wilderness of the earth, but for a person was not found a held who was held to him.

Genesis 2:21 then the lord god put a sword over adam, and when he was stopped, he took one of his countrying and opened the place with his place.

Genesis 2:22 then the lord god placed the covenant that he had took from the man, and he brought her to adam.

Genesis 2:23 then adam said, " this is now a husband from my husband and country from my body. she will called a woman because she has been called from the man. "

Genesis 2:24 for this reason a man will leave his father and mother and will be leave with his mother, and they will be one body.

Genesis 2:25 they were above, the man and his mother, and they were not ashamed.

Genesis 3:1 but the serpent was already than the food of the fig tree that god god had done. he said to the woman, " have god said, " you will not eat from all the tree of the tree ? "

Genesis 3:2 the woman replied to the serpent, " we can eat the fruit of the tree of the tree,

Genesis 3:3 but from the fruit of the tree that is in the tree has said, ' do not eat from it and do not touch it, so that you will not be dead. ' "

Genesis 3:4 then the serpent said to the woman, " you will never dly !

Genesis 3:5 but god know that when you eat it, your eyes will be opened and you will be evil, and you will be evil and evil. "

Genesis 3:6 when the woman saw that the fig tree was good to eat, and that it was good for the eyes, and he wanted to eat the fruit for it to eat. he also took his fruit and comed, and he gave also to his master, and he gave it to her.

Genesis 3:7 then the eyes of the eyes were opened and they known that they were naked. then they covered figs of figs and made themselves for them.

Genesis 3:8 then they heard the voice of the lord god who walked in the hail, and the man and his mother fell from the presence of the lord god among the rains of the tree.

Genesis 3:9 but god god called the man and said to him, " where are you ? "

Genesis 3:10 he replied, " i heard your voice in the rare and became fear, because i was number, and i became number. "

Genesis 3:11 he said, " who told you that you are number ? have you eat from the tree that i commanded you to eat ? "

Genesis 3:12 adam replied, " the woman that you gave me to be given to me, she gave me from the tree, and i eat. "

Genesis 3:13 then the lord god said to the woman, " what did you do this ? " the woman replied, " the serpent persecuted me, and i eat. "

Genesis 3:14 then the lord god said to the serpent, " because you have done this, you will be blessed among all the beast and among all the bodies of the flesh. for your book you will come, and you will inherit all the bodies of your life.

Genesis 3:15 i will destroy the woman against you and your wife, and your sexual immorality and her sexual immorality. he will destroy your head, and you will destroy him in her household. "

Genesis 3:16 he said to the woman, " i will multify your wild woman and your suffering. with children you will fill children, and your husband will be over your husband, and he will domine over you. "

Genesis 3:17 and he said to adam, " because you obeyed the voice of your wife and eat the tree of which i commanded you, because i said to you, " do not eat from it, because the earth will be blessed for you, and you will bear the fruit of your life for all your life.

Genesis 3:18 the trees and trives will produce you, and you will eat the ground of the ground.

Genesis 3:19 you will eat your front of your presence until you return into the ground, because you have been raised from the earth. for you are food and you will be torn into the stop. "

Genesis 3:20 and adam called his wife eva, because she was the mother of all life.

Genesis 3:21 then the lord god made for adam and his mother clothes and clothe them.

Genesis 3:22 then the lord god said, " look, the man is like one of us to know good and evil, and now he can not extend his hand and come from the tree of life and eat and live forever. "

Genesis 3:23 so the lord god sent him out from the edens of eden so that he would worship the land from which he was took.

Genesis 3:24 so he put out the man, and he put the cherubs of the edens to the tree of cheruble and a flashes of fire to be put on the tree of life to be put on the tree of life.

Genesis 4:1 then adam known his wife eva, and she conceived and conceived cain. he said, " i have been accepted with god. "

Genesis 4:2 and he became again to give his brother abel. abel was a sheep, but cain was worker.

Genesis 4:3 after a time came, cain offered the offering of the earth to the lord.

Genesis 4:4 and abel offered off from the sheep of his probels and from their offering. and the lord regarded abel and his offering,

Genesis 4:5 but he did not see cain and his offering. so cain was distressed, and his face was distressed.

Genesis 4:6 then the lord said to cainar, " why are you distressed ? why do you endure your face ?

Genesis 4:7 if you do good, you will not have his desires ? but if you do not do good, the greek lives on the door, but you will be over to you. "

Genesis 4:8 then cain said to his brother abel, " let we go against the brother. " when they were in the veld, cain got up to his brother abel and died him.

Genesis 4:9 then the lord said to cain, " where is your brother abel ? " he replied, " i do not know. don ' t i know my brother ? "

Genesis 4:10 then he said, " what did you do ? the blood of your brother has clained to me from the earth.

Genesis 4:11 now blessed are you from the world, who opened his mouth to open the blood of your brother from your hand.

Genesis 4:12 when you work the earth, it will not give you his force. you will be a fool and sickness on the earth. "

Genesis 4:13 and cain said to the lord, " my pedeit is forgiven than to see.

Genesis 4:14 look, you have looking me away from the face of the world, and i will be afraid of your face and from the face to the earth, and everyone who finds me will slaa me. "

Genesis 4:15 but the lord said to him, " therefore, if anyone finds cain, he will be seized seven times. " then the lord gave a cain to cain, so that no one who trouble him would not find him.

Genesis 4:16 then kain went away from the presence of the lord and bowed down in the land of nod, on the orige of eden.

Genesis 4:17 and caik known his wife and conceived and conceived henoch. then he became a city and called the city to the name of his son henoch.

Genesis 4:18 hid the father of irad, irad the father of mehujael, mehujael the father of mehusael, metusael the father of lamech.

Genesis 4:19 lamec took two wife. the name of one was ada, and the name of the other zilla.

Genesis 4:20 ada parted jabal, who was the father of those who live in tentes and trouble greeks.

Genesis 4:21 and the name of his brother was jubal, who was the father of all who calls harbal and harbal.

Genesis 4:22 zilla also called tubal-cain, named tubal-cabal-cabal-cain and jer-cabal-cain. the mother of tubal-cain was naama.

Genesis 4:23 and lamech said to his leaders, " ada and zilla, hear my words ! o lamec ' s woman, listen to my husband, for i have surromed me and a husband for my husband.

Genesis 4:24 for if cain receives seven times, then lamech will be sevented seven times. "

Genesis 4:25 and adam known his wife, and she called a son and gave him a son, saying, " god has given me another son in the place of abel, whom cain has been taken. "

Genesis 4:26 and set a son for seth, and he gave him a name enos. then they began to come the name of the lord.

Genesis 5:1 this is the genealogth of adam. when god created the man, he made him to god.

Genesis 5:2 he created them a man and woman and blessed them and blessed them a man in the day when they were created.

Genesis 5:3 when adam was 130 of people, he became a son and genered a son according to his image, and he called his name seth.

Genesis 5:4 and the days of adam when he leated set, he was opty hundre years and give sons and daughters.

Genesis 5:5 so all the days whom adam vied, he was neuf and treventy years, and he morned.

Genesis 5:6 when set was honderd and pings, he came to enosh.

Genesis 5:7 and set when set leated, set levent and seven years and followed sons and daughters.

Genesis 5:8 so all the days of seth were next and twelve years, and he morned.

Genesis 5:9 when enos was next month, he came to cainan.

Genesis 5:10 then enosh live after his son, enosh leventy years and five. and he leaged the sons and daughters.

Genesis 5:11 so all the days of enos were next and four ans, and he morned.

Genesis 5:12 when cainan was sexty years, he made the son of mahalelel.

Genesis 5:13 then cainan levent after he had given the son of mahalaleel, and he lived sons and daughters.

Genesis 5:14 so all the days of cainan were next and next month, and he morned.

Genesis 5:15 when mahalaleel was sexty years, he came to jared.

Genesis 5:16 after mahalaleel leated, mahalelel lived 830 of and followed sons and daughters.

Genesis 5:17 so all the days of mahalaleel were astounty and noventy years, and he lived.

Genesis 5:18 when jared was one and sexty years, he greed henoch.

Genesis 5:19 then jered live after his son, jered leventy years and greed sons and daughters.

Genesis 5:20 so all the days of jared were next and sexty years, and he moved.

Genesis 5:21 when enoc was sexty and sexty years, he leaged methusalah.

Genesis 5:22 then henoch wanted with god after the nature of mathusalah, with god, and he followed sons and daughters.

Genesis 5:23 so all the days of henoch was treventy and seventy years.

Genesis 5:24 henoch wanted with god, and he was not afraid, because god took him.

Genesis 5:25 when mathushet was a hundred and seven time, he came to lamech.

Genesis 5:26 and mathusalah levented after the nature of lamech, and he had a son and wife.

Genesis 5:27 so all the days of mathushah were neighty and seventy years along, and he døde.

Genesis 5:28 when lemek levented one and teventy years, he came up a son,

Genesis 5:29 and he called him noah, saying, " this man will think us in our works and with the work of our hands on the earth because the lord has blessed. "

Genesis 5:30 then lamech live after the son of noah, after he had given sons and daughters. and he died sons and daughters.

Genesis 5:31 so all the days of lamech were seven seventy and seventy years, and he døde.

Genesis 5:32 then noah was five thousand, and noah was the son of cham, cham and jafet.

Genesis 6:1 when the people began to follow in the earth and were filled to them,

Genesis 6:2 the sons of god saw the daughters of the people, and they took for them all who had sexual immorality.

Genesis 6:3 then the lord said, " my spirit will not be condemned with the spirit, because he is test. but his days will be hundred and twenty-four years. "

Genesis 6:4 in those days the gifts were in the earth, and then when the children of god came to the daughters of the earth and began to give them children. these were the neighbors who were neighbors from the people.

Genesis 6:5 when the lord saw that the evil of the people was great on earth and that all the pensious consciences of his mind were evil alone.

Genesis 6:6 then the lord repented that he had made the man over the earth, and he was afraid in his servant.

Genesis 6:7 then the lord said, " i will experience the people that i have created from the earth, from the beast, from the beast and to the flesh of the earth, for i repent from the beast that i have created them. "

Genesis 6:8 but noah found grace in the eyes of the lord.

Genesis 6:9 this is the residence of noah. noah was a righteous and righteous man in his generous conscience. noah went with god.

Genesis 6:10 and noah gened three sons : sem, cham, and jafet.

Genesis 6:11 but the earth was corrupted before god, and the earth was full of violence.

Genesis 6:12 then god saw the earth, and look, it was corrupted, for all the crowds had corrupted his way on the earth.

Genesis 6:13 then god said to noah, " the flesh of everyone has come before me, because the earth is destroyed with them with violence, and look, i will destroy them with the earth.

Genesis 6:14 fast yourself a ark from gofer. you will make a ark with the ark and befer it out of better and outside.

Genesis 6:15 and so you make the ark : ' the longer of the ark will be treasure, treasure treasure, and treasure one covenant.

Genesis 6:16 you will make a number in the ark, and you will make it a new covenant, and the ark of the ark will make it in the side, and you will make it a new covenant, a second and treasure.

Genesis 6:17 and look, i am going to bring the food of water on the earth to destroy all the living life in which is living living life. everything that is in the earth will perish.

Genesis 6:18 but i will put my paction with you, and you will go into the ark, you and your sons, your wife and your wife with you.

Genesis 6:19 and from all the flesh, from all the four of the flesh, you will bring them in the flesh to be put to life with you. they will be fey and honor.

Genesis 6:20 from the flesh according to their souls and from the flesh according to their souls and from the food of the earth according to their souls, each one of them will come to pass up to you.

Genesis 6:21 and you take for you all the food that eat, and take it to serve, so that it will be for you and them to eat. "

Genesis 6:22 and noah did so, just as god had commanded him, he did.

Genesis 7:1 then the lord said to noah, " come you and your whole house into the ark, for i have seen you righteous before me in this generation.

Genesis 7:2 from all the four-food lamb you take seven fours and fear, and from the four-food who are not fourish, two, mountain and feal.

Genesis 7:3 even from the four of the earth seven fours and femble, to take sexual immorality on the face of the earth.

Genesis 7:4 for for seven days i will live down on earth on the next day and quarty-four days, and i will experience all the bodies that i have done from the earth. "

Genesis 7:5 and noah did what the lord had commanded him.

Genesis 7:6 ( now noah was seventh years when the ways of the waters came over the earth.

Genesis 7:7 then noah and his sons and his wife and his wife came with him into the ark for the flour of the flock.

Genesis 7:8 from the fours and from the animals who do not be purity, and from the flesh and from all the things who are dispended on the earth,

Genesis 7:9 two two came to noah into the ark, a feast and a feast, just as god had commanded to noah.

Genesis 7:10 after seven days, the water of the differing came over the earth.

Genesis 7:11 in the sexth year of the life of noah, the third of the next day, the third of the great abuse were opened, and the opens of the number of heaven were opened.

Genesis 7:12 and a rook came over the earth for quartever and next noon.

Genesis 7:13 in the same time moses went into the ark, sem, cham, jafet, and jafet, the son of noah, and the wife of his daughter with them in the ark.

Genesis 7:14 they and all the flesh according to their souls and all the flesh according to their souls, and all the food who are dispended on the earth according to their souls, all the flesh, and all the flesh according to its food.

Genesis 7:15 they went into the ark to noé in the ark two, two of all who was spirits of life.

Genesis 7:16 the one who went into the ark were a flesh and fear from all the flesh, just as god had commanded him. then the lord placed the ark for him.

Genesis 7:17 and the number was quarty days over the earth, and the water crowned and healed the ark, so that it was leading up from the earth.

Genesis 7:18 and the water crowned and were healed on the earth, and the ark were arrest on the water.

Genesis 7:19 the wild crowds was more watching over the earth, and all the months that had debated under heaven were coveled.

Genesis 7:20 a nation of the eventy-five months crowned up, and the bergen were completed.

Genesis 7:21 then all flesh who leid on the earth were destroyed : the beast, the beast, the beast, and all the beast who leaves on the earth and all the people.

Genesis 7:22 all who had living living suffering in his sufferings, all who was living in the sufferings, died.

Genesis 7:23 so it was experienced all the fourishness of the earth, from the flesh, from the flesh, and those who were with him in the ark. they were extermined from the earth, and only those who were with him in the ark.

Genesis 7:24 and the water stayed over the earth a hundred times.

Genesis 8:1 then god remembered noé and all the bodies and all the bodies who were with him in the ark, and god poured out a wind over the earth, and the waters were destroyed.

Genesis 8:2 and the fonts of the abuse and the openings of heaven were quickly, and the pluss from heaven was defiled.

Genesis 8:3 then the water turned back from the earth, and after hundred and hundred days the waters crowned.

Genesis 8:4 the seventh day, the seventh day of the arrat, the ark was sitting on the months of ararat.

Genesis 8:5 and the water was destroyed until the four month. at the next day, in the first day of the month, the months of the months came.

Genesis 8:6 after next days noé opened the fence of the ark that he had done.

Genesis 8:7 he sent a rost out, and the water came out and returned until the water was leave away from the earth.

Genesis 8:8 then he left a poor from him to see if the water had been left from the face of the earth.

Genesis 8:9 but when the poor did not find anything in the ark, she came back to him in the ark, because the water was immediately on the ark. then he extended his hand and found him into the ark.

Genesis 8:10 he warned still seven days, and he send the country out of the ark.

Genesis 8:11 the food came to him at the afternoon, and a olive olive olive olive old on him. so noah realized that the water had crown from the earth.

Genesis 8:12 then he spent still seven days and send the dumble, but he did not return to him.

Genesis 8:13 now in the first and sexth years, the first day of the number, the number of the ark were secried from the earth. then noah opened the ark and saw that the suffering of the earth was secried.

Genesis 8:14 the second day, the second day of the second day, the earth was secret.

Genesis 8:15 then god said to noah,

Genesis 8:16 " go out from the ark, you and your wife and your sons and your sons.

Genesis 8:17 bring out with you all the animals who are with you, all the flesh, the flesh, and all the flesh who are provided with you, produce them out of the earth, and they must be poured up and be poured up to the earth. "

Genesis 8:18 so noah went out with his sons, his wife, and his wife, with his sons.

Genesis 8:19 all the four-food, all the flesh, and all the reptiles, all who rust on the earth, went out out of the ark.

Genesis 8:20 then noah offered a altar to the lord. he took all the flesh of fish and from all the flesh and offered off off the altar.

Genesis 8:21 when the lord spoke the sexual immorality, the lord said in his presence, " i will not destroy death for the people, because the evil of the people is evil from his unclean, and i will never destroy all the life that i have done.

Genesis 8:22 until the earth is, the seed and the seed will not remain, seast and seast, seast and hid, and no day and noast, and no day and noast. "

Genesis 9:1 god blessed noah and his sons and said to them, " be fruit and be pleased and rejoice the earth.

Genesis 9:2 the friends and the flesh of the earth will be given to you for all the flesh of the earth and all the flesh of the sea, and all the flesh of the sea. they have been given on your hand.

Genesis 9:3 all who leads up and live for you will be for you as food. just as i give everything, i give you all things.

Genesis 9:4 but you will not eat the life with his life, that is the blood.

Genesis 9:5 for i will krease your blood, the blood of your life. from the hand of all life i will ask it, and from the hand of the one who resides the brother ' s life i will experience the life of the people.

Genesis 9:6 if anyone derrases the blood of someone will be exalted by his blood, for god has made the image of god.

Genesis 9:7 but you worship and multify, please in the earth and multify it. "

Genesis 9:8 god said to noah and to his sons with him, saying,

Genesis 9:9 " now i pray my concerning you and your descendants after you,

Genesis 9:10 and with all the food that was with you, the flesh, the wilderness, and all the book of the earth with all who come out of you - from all who went out of the ark - from all the food of the earth.

Genesis 9:11 i will put my conscience with you, and no longer will never be destructed by the flood of the water, and no wild flood will be destructed the earth. "

Genesis 9:12 then god said, " this is the sight of the sight that i sitting among me and you and all the levens of life that is with you in eternal generations :

Genesis 9:13 i will seep my number in the sky, and it will be a sight of the covenant among me and the earth.

Genesis 9:14 and when i bring number on the earth, the arken will appear in the number,

Genesis 9:15 then i will remember my concerning my concerning me and you and you and all the sexual immorality of every living life, and the flour will never be entrusted to different flock.

Genesis 9:16 when the number is in the number, i will see it to remember the eternal concerning god and all the living life that is in the earth. "

Genesis 9:17 then god said to noah, " this is the signat of the flesh that i have established among me and every life that is on the earth. "

Genesis 9:18 and the sons of noah who came out of the ark were sem, cham, jafet and jafet. ham was the father of canaan.

Genesis 9:19 these three were the son of noah, and from them the people were displayed over all the earth.

Genesis 9:20 he began to worship a vineyard and planted a vineyard.

Genesis 9:21 then he drink from the vineyard and became dronk, and he deceived in his tent.

Genesis 9:22 when cham, the father of canaan, saw his father ' s number, and told his two brothers outside.

Genesis 9:23 so sem and japheth took the cloth and placed it on their cloaks, went on their cloaks and placed the number of their father. they went the number of their father, and they saw the number of their father.

Genesis 9:24 when noah died from his vinger and did what his young son had done him.

Genesis 9:25 then he said, " blessed be canaan ! he must be alive for his brothers. "

Genesis 9:26 then he said, " blessed be the lord god of sem, and canaan be his slave.

Genesis 9:27 god may placed jafet, and he must be loved in the tents of sem, and canaan must be his slave. "

Genesis 9:28 then noé live after the flour, trunty and femty years.

Genesis 9:29 so all the days of noé were next and femty years, and he died.

Genesis 10:1 this is the promise of the sons of noah : sem, cham, and japheth, and they came to them children after the diver.

Genesis 10:2 the sons of jafet : gomer, magog, madai, javan, tubal, meshech, and tiras.

Genesis 10:3 and the sons of gomer : askenaz, rifat, and togarma.

Genesis 10:4 and the sons of javan : elijah, tarsis, kittim, and dodanim.

Genesis 10:5 from these things were disclosed the follows of the nations in their lands, each by his own language, each in their own nations, in their own nations.

Genesis 10:6 and the sons of cham : kush, mizraim, put, and canaan.

Genesis 10:7 and the sons of cush : seba, havila, sabta, raama, and sabtecha. the sons of raama : seba and dedan.

Genesis 10:8 and cush gented nimrod, who was the first father of the earth.

Genesis 10:9 he was a little nimrod before the lord. so it is saying, " as nimrod, a nimrod for the lord. "

Genesis 10:10 the beginning of his kingdom was babel, ered, ackad, and calne in the land of shinar.

Genesis 10:11 from this land he went out to assur and rebuked ninive, rehoboth-ir, calah,

Genesis 10:12 and resen among nineve and calah ( which is the great city ).

Genesis 10:13 and mizraim the father of ludim, anamim, lehabim, naftuhim,

Genesis 10:14 and the patrusim and the casluhim ( from whom the philisters came ) and kaftorias.

Genesis 10:15 and canaan the father of sidon, his first father, and heth,

Genesis 10:16 and the jebus, the amorites, the girgasites,

Genesis 10:17 the hiveus, the arkites, the sinetes,

Genesis 10:18 and the arvadites, the cemarites, and the hamathians. then the sematers of the cananeo repared.

Genesis 10:19 and the region of the cananeo was from sidon, from sidon to gerar, when you comes to sodom and gomorra, adma, zeboim, and zeboim.

Genesis 10:20 these were the sons of cham, according to their lands, in their lands, in their lands, in their lands.

Genesis 10:21 and to sem, the father of all the sons of eber, the father of japheth, the brother of japheth.

Genesis 10:22 the sons of sem were : elam, assur, arpaksad, lud, and aram.

Genesis 10:23 and the sons of aram : uz, hul, geter, and mash.

Genesis 10:24 and arfaxad the father of shelah, shelah the father of eber.

Genesis 10:25 and to eber came two sons. the name of the one was peleg, because in his days the earth was divided, and the name of his brother was joktan.

Genesis 10:26 joktan the father of almodad, shelef, hazarmaveth, jerah,

Genesis 10:27 hadoram, uzal, dikla,

Genesis 10:28 obal, abimael, sheba,

Genesis 10:29 ofir, havila, and jobab. all these were the sons of joktan.

Genesis 10:30 and their habitation was from mesa from sefar, the month of the sefar.

Genesis 10:31 these are the sons of sem according to their lands, in their lands, in their lands, in their lands.

Genesis 10:32 these are the family of the sons of noah according to their differs, in their nations, and from them were followed the nations after the foundation.

Genesis 11:1 now the whole world was a little and a same words.

Genesis 11:2 when they went out from the oath, they found a little land in the land of shinar and stayed there.

Genesis 11:3 so they said to one another, " come, let ' s themselves and build them well ! " then the pigs stopped themselves in the place and the baptist in a stone.

Genesis 11:4 then they said, " come, let us bygge up a city and a torn that is spread on the earth, and let us make a name, so that we will not spread you on the earth. "

Genesis 11:5 then the lord descended to see the city and the torn that the people planned.

Genesis 11:6 and the lord said, " look, they are one people, and they have one measure. now this is the beginning of what they are intended to do.

Genesis 11:7 let us come and confonce there their language, so that each one will not contempt the language of the other. "

Genesis 11:8 so the lord spread them from there on the face of the whole earth, and they cessed to bati the city.

Genesis 11:9 for this name the name called babel, because there the lord spoke the language of all the earth, and from there the lord spread them over the face of the earth.

Genesis 11:10 this are the promise of sem. when sem was hundred years, he made the son to arphaxad after the flour.

Genesis 11:11 and sem live after the nature of arphaxad, and he lived five people and daughters.

Genesis 11:12 when arphaxad was treventy and treventy years, he held the son.

Genesis 11:13 and arphaxad leving after the nature of selah, he leving 403 and genered sons and daughters.

Genesis 11:14 when selah was treading treading, he came to eber.

Genesis 11:15 and selah live after the gospel, shelah live fire and three years and died sons and daughters.

Genesis 11:16 when eber was treventy and fire, he became a son of peleg.

Genesis 11:17 and eber live after the nature of peleg, and he lived five and treventy years and giving sons and fillews.

Genesis 11:18 when peleg was treventy years, he wiped the son.

Genesis 11:19 then peleg leaged after the nature of reu, and he leaged a news and daughters.

Genesis 11:20 when reu was treading two and two years, he came to serug.

Genesis 11:21 then reu levent when he became the son of serug, and he leaged sons and daughters.

Genesis 11:22 when serug was treventy years, he came to nahor.

Genesis 11:23 and serug leaged after the nature of nahor, and he lived sons and daughters.

Genesis 11:24 when nahor was next and next time, he vied to thare.

Genesis 11:25 then nahor leated after the nature of thare, and he leated news and deeds.

Genesis 11:26 when thare was sexth, he came to abraham, nahor and haran.

Genesis 11:27 this is the genered of terah. terah the father of nahor, nahor, haran, and haran the father of lot.

Genesis 11:28 haran married before his father thrah, in his region, in ur region of the region.

Genesis 11:29 and abram and nahor accepte yourself. the name of the nation of abram was sarai, and the name of nahor ' s daughter was milka, the father of haran, the father of milka and iscah.

Genesis 11:30 but sarah was nefruits, she was not kind of kind.

Genesis 11:31 so terah took his son abram, and lot, the son of haran, the son of his son, and sarai his wife sarah, his son, and brought them from haran to the land of canaan to come to the land of canaan. but they came to haran and went there.

Genesis 11:32 then the days of thare were two hundred and five ans, and thare lived in haran.

Genesis 12:1 then the lord said to abram, " go from your land and from your father and from the family of your father to the land that i will give you.

Genesis 12:2 i will make you a great nation, and i will bless you, and i will make your name great name, and you will be a blessing.

Genesis 12:3 i will bless those who bless you, and i will bless those who bless you, and in you will be blessed all the nations of the earth. "

Genesis 12:4 so abram went out as the lord told him, and lot went with him. and abram was seventy-five years when he came from haran.

Genesis 12:5 so abram took his wife sarah and lot, the son of his brother lot, and all the promise that they had hardened, and they came to the land that they had hardened in haran, and they came to the land of canaan.

Genesis 12:6 and abram passed through the land to the place of shechem, to the moment of more. ( now the cananeo was there in the land. )

Genesis 12:7 then the lord appeared to abram and said, " to your descendants i will give this land. " then he edifiked there a altar for the lord who appeared to him.

Genesis 12:8 then he went away from the wilderness to the beast of betel and placed his tent on the sea, and ai was ahead of the sea. there he called a altar to the lord and invoked the altar of the lord.

Genesis 12:9 then abram went up and proclaimed the news to the negev.

Genesis 12:10 now there was food in the land. then abram descended to egypt to live there, because the honor was glad in the land.

Genesis 12:11 now when he was approaching egypt, he said to sarai, his wife, " i know that you are a fear woman.

Genesis 12:12 when the egyptians will see you, they will say, ' it is his wife ' and they will dill me, but you will live you.

Genesis 12:13 tell my sister that you are my sister, so that it may be good for you and that my life may live for you. "

Genesis 12:14 when abram came into egypt, the egyptians saw that her woman was herher.

Genesis 12:15 when the firstbors of pharaoh saw her and loved her to pharaoh, and the woman was brought into the house of pharaoh.

Genesis 12:16 so he became well for abram because of her, and he had sheep and boves, boves, slaves, slaves, and slaves.

Genesis 12:17 but the lord placed great plagues with pharaoh and his house because of sarah, the woman of abram.

Genesis 12:18 then farao called abram and said, " what did you tell me ? why did you not tell me that she is your wife ?

Genesis 12:19 why have you said, ' she is my wife " and said, ' she is my sister ? now look, her is your wife, take her and go. "

Genesis 12:20 so farao commanded his mends to tell him, and they destroyed him, his wife and everything he had.

Genesis 13:1 so abram went out from egypt, he himself with his wife and everything he had, and lot was with him.

Genesis 13:2 and abram was rich rich with silver country, silver and gold.

Genesis 13:3 then he went away from neighborn from betel to bethel, to the place where his tent had been looking before the beast and ai,

Genesis 13:4 to the place of the altar he had been prepared there. and abram invoked the name of the lord.

Genesis 13:5 lot also, who went with abram, had sheep, boves, and tels.

Genesis 13:6 and the land could not suffer them so that they could live together. for their possessions was great, so that they could not women together.

Genesis 13:7 so there was difficult among the powers of the lot of lot and the passover of lot. then the cananeans and ferezes walked in the land.

Genesis 13:8 then abram said to lot, " do not be different among me and you and your passions and your passions, for we are brothers.

Genesis 13:9 did not the whole land go for you ? separate me from me. if you are a right hand, i will go to right. if you are for the right hand, i will go to right. "

Genesis 13:10 then lot brear his eyes and saw the whole room of jordan ; for when the lord had destructed sodom and gomorra, it was like the sour of the lord, like the land of egypt, like the land of egypt. )

Genesis 13:11 so lot separated for himself the lot of the jordan river, and lot went up to the jordan river, and they separated one another.

Genesis 13:12 abram habited in the land of canaan, and lot went in the regions of the journey and stayed his tentes until sodom.

Genesis 13:13 but the men of sodom were evil and greater sins against the lord.

Genesis 13:14 then the lord said to abram when lot was separated from him, " take your eyes and look from the place where you are along, and look on the wilderness and to the wilderness and to the wilderness.

Genesis 13:15 for all the land you see, i will give you and your descendants for eternal time.

Genesis 13:16 and i will make your descendants like the stop of the earth. if someone numeres the stop of the earth, your descendants will be contested.

Genesis 13:17 get up and put the land through your longer and bread, for i will give it to you. "

Genesis 13:18 so abram recognized his tent and came and came to the middle of mamre, who is in hebron, and he edifiked a altar for the lord.

Genesis 14:1 now in the time of amrafel, king of sinear, ariok, king of elasar, kedorlaomer, king of elam, and tidorlaomer, king of goim,

Genesis 14:2 they became krig with bera, împăratul of sodom, birma, king of gomorra, shinaber, king of adma, seboim, king of seboim, and the koning of bela ( which is seboim ).

Genesis 14:3 these all assembled together in the valle of siddim ( which is the more more ).

Genesis 14:4 twelve years were served under kedorlaomer, but at the third time they had been released.

Genesis 14:5 at the next day kedorlaomer came with kedorlaomer, the king who was with him, and regated the refaïtes in astathi-kiriath-karnaim, zeveim in have-kiriath-carnaim,

Genesis 14:6 and the horites in their wilderness, to el-paran, who is on the wilderness.

Genesis 14:7 then they returned and returned to en-mispat, who is cades, and destroyed the whole land of all the amalekites, and even the amorrheans who habited in hases-tamar.

Genesis 14:8 then the koning of sodom, the koning of gomorra, the king of adma, the king of seboim, and the king of zeboim, who is soar, and prepared them in the walk of siddim,

Genesis 14:9 contra kedorlaomer, king of elam, tideal, the koning of gojim, amrafel, the koning of shinar, and ariok, king of ellasar, fire.

Genesis 14:10 now the full of siddim was full of sick. when the rest of sodom and gomorrah went up to them, and they fell there, and the rest was flowed into the months.

Genesis 14:11 so they took all the souls of sodom and gomorrah and all their gomor and went away.

Genesis 14:12 they took lot, the son of abram, who lived in sodom, and his hard, and went away.

Genesis 14:13 now a man who had escaped came and informed abraham, the hebreunt of mamre, the region of mamre, the mamre of mamre, the brother of mamre, the brother of aner, and the brother of aner.

Genesis 14:14 when abram heard that his brother was astrayed, he tried out his neighbors who had been brought to his house, three and teventig men, and persecuted them until dan.

Genesis 14:15 then he divided them with his slaves, he and his slaves, and persecuted them and persecuted them to hoba, who is in the rook of damascus.

Genesis 14:16 he returned all the rich, and he recognized his brother lot and his high priest, and even the people and the people.

Genesis 14:17 when abram returned to return him from the region of kedorlaomer and the regions who were with him, the koning of sodom went out to enter him in the valle of shave ( which is the stone of the kingdom of god ).

Genesis 14:18 and melchizedek, the king of salem, brought brood and vinger. he was the priest of god ' s god.

Genesis 14:19 and he blessed him and said, " blessed be abram from god the large god, who sees heaven and earth !

Genesis 14:20 and blessed is the god excellent, who gave your enemies in your hand ! " and abram gave him everything from everything.

Genesis 14:21 then sodom ' s king said to abram, " give me the people and go for yourself. "

Genesis 14:22 but abram replied to the king of sodom, " i have raised my hand to the lord god, the visdom of heaven and earth,

Genesis 14:23 that i will not take up a scroll or a scroll from all your scroll, so that you do not say, ' i have gathered abram. '

Genesis 14:24 i do not have nothing, but the sold of those who have come with me, and the part of the people who have come with me, aner, eskol, and mamre. let them receive his anger. "

Genesis 15:1 after these things the vision of the lord came to abram in a vision, saying, " do not be afraid, abram. i am your sword, and your sword will be great. "

Genesis 15:2 but abram said, " lord god, what do you give me ? i am without children, and the children of my house is elieser from damascus ? "

Genesis 15:3 and abram said, " look, i have not given me a descendant, and look, a servant of my house will become my servant. "

Genesis 15:4 then the word of the lord came to him saying, " this man will not be your error, but the one who comes out of your body will be your error. "

Genesis 15:5 then he brought him out of heaven and said, " see your descendants and take the stones, if you can see them. " then he said to him, " your descendants will be like a new. "

Genesis 15:6 and he believed in the lord, and he recognized him to righteousness.

Genesis 15:7 then he said to him, " i am the lord who led you out of ur chaldeon to give you this land to give you this land. "

Genesis 15:8 he said, " lord, lord, how can i know that i will possesse it ? "

Genesis 15:9 then he said to him, " take me a treasure tribe, a treast of three years, a tribe and a young year. "

Genesis 15:10 so he took all these things for him and divided them in part, and put them on the other side for the other. but he did not destroy the fish.

Genesis 15:11 the roaves fell on the dead, but abram gathered them away.

Genesis 15:12 when the sun was suffering, a scroll fell over abram, and suddenly a great scroll fell over him.

Genesis 15:13 then he said to abram, " know that your descendants will come to a new land who will not be their own, and they will worship them and worship them for four years.

Genesis 15:14 but i will judge the nation that they will serve, and after this they will go out with great possession.

Genesis 15:15 but you will go to your father in peace, and you will be healed in a good inheritance.

Genesis 15:16 and in the next generation they will return this generation, for the amose of the amorites will not be fulfilled. "

Genesis 15:17 when the solemn sound came and was distressed, a room of flashes of fire and flashes of fire came among the founds of the wilderness.

Genesis 15:18 on the same day the lord made a parable with abram and said, " to your descendants i give this land from the great river, from the great euphrate,

Genesis 15:19 the kenites, the kenezetes, the kadmonites,

Genesis 15:20 and the hethien, the ferezeus, the refaïtes,

Genesis 15:21 the amorites, the cananees, the girgasites, and the jebusites. "

Genesis 16:1 now sarah, the widow of abram, had not coined him. but she had a slave woman who was named hagar.

Genesis 16:2 and sarah said to abram, " look, the lord has loved me to have children. come up to my slaves, unless i will have children for her. " and abram heard the word of sarah.

Genesis 16:3 so sarai, the widow of abram, took his slaves hagar, the egyptian, after abraham had habited at the land of canaan, and gave her to her man abram, his wife.

Genesis 16:4 he went with hagar, and she became conceived. when she saw that she was conceived, she was destroyed in her hearts.

Genesis 16:5 then sarah said to abram, " my husband has been condemned for me. i have given my servants in your desires, but when she saw that she had been condemned, she has been condemned with me. i have judged the lord for me and you ! "

Genesis 16:6 but abram said to sarai, " look, your slaves is in your hand. do her what you are willing to do. " so sarah belonged her, and she flowed away from her.

Genesis 16:7 but the angel of the lord found her by a fonte water in the wilderness, by the cour on the rour of shur.

Genesis 16:8 he said, " hagar, servant of sarai, where do you come and where do you come ? " she replied, " i happen from my hearts sarai. "

Genesis 16:9 then the angel of the lord said to her, " return back to your husband and humilite you under her hands. "

Genesis 16:10 then the angel of the lord said to her, " i will multiplike your sexual immorality, so that no one will be numerous. "

Genesis 16:11 then the angel of the lord said to her, " look, you are conceived and you will genk a son, and you will narry him ismael, because the lord has heard your affliction.

Genesis 16:12 and he will be a wilderness, his hand will be against everyone, and the hand of all people will be against him. he will live against all his brothers and sisters. "

Genesis 16:13 then she called the lord who had spoken to him, " you are the god who has seen me ? " because she said, " have i not seen the one who saw me ? "

Genesis 16:14 so then the put called the roof of lades, who knows me. it is among kades and bered.

Genesis 16:15 hagar gave a son to abraham, and abram called his son whom hagar had named hagar.

Genesis 16:16 now abram was four and sexth years when hagar belonged to him.

Genesis 17:1 when abram was next and next year, the lord appeared to him and said to him, " i am the god of all. come for my presence and be near.

Genesis 17:2 i will put my concerning me and you, and i will please you a great generation. "

Genesis 17:3 then abram fell on his face, and god spoke with him, saying,

Genesis 17:4 " i am my commandment with you, and you will be a father of many nations.

Genesis 17:5 and your name will not be more abram, but your name will be abraham, because i have made you a father of many nations.

Genesis 17:6 i will make you a great fruit, and i will make you following nations, and king will come from you.

Genesis 17:7 and i will establish my concerning me and you and your descendants after you in their generous generations, that i will be your god and your descendants after you.

Genesis 17:8 and i will give you and your descendants after you, the land you are forever, and the whole land of canaan will be the whole land of canaan, and i will be their god. "

Genesis 17:9 then god said to abraham, " but you will guard my concerning me, you and your descendants after you in generations.

Genesis 17:10 this is my commandment that you will observe among me and you and your descendants after you : each one of you will be circumcised.

Genesis 17:11 you will circumcised the circumcision of your promise, and it will be a sight of the concerning me and you.

Genesis 17:12 in the third time you will be circumcised about you in all your generations, the one who is circumcised in your house, and the one who is circumcised from a high priest who does not be from your descendants.

Genesis 17:13 it will be circumcised that the one who is circumcised in your house will be circumcised, and my concerning my concerning your body will be eternal concern.

Genesis 17:14 but the man who does not be circumcised, the person who does not be circumcised in his own generation will be excised from his people, because he has committed my commandment. "

Genesis 17:15 then god said to abraham, " your daughter sarah will not share her sarah, but she will be her name sara.

Genesis 17:16 i will bless her and give you a son from her, and i will be blessed to her, and i will be blessed, and the nations of the nations will come from her. "

Genesis 17:17 then abraham threw himself to his face and began to happen, and he said in his presence, " will a man who is a hundred year who is a hundred years ? "

Genesis 17:18 and abraham said to god, " may ismael live for your face ! "

Genesis 17:19 but god said, " no, for your wife sara will give your wife and you will give him isaac. and i will confirme my concerning him with a sexual immorality after his descendants after him.

Genesis 17:20 and about ismael i have heard you. look, i am benefit him and give him a great nation, and i will please him a great nation. on a twelve nation will be blessed, and i will make him a great nation.

Genesis 17:21 but my concerning with isaac i will stand with isaac, whom sarah will partie you for this time in this time. "

Genesis 17:22 when god had finited to speak with him, god went up from abraham.

Genesis 17:23 then abraham took his son ismael, his son, and all who were completed in his house, and all who were circumcised in his house, the circumcision of abraham ' s house, and circumcised the circumcision of the body in the same day, just as god had spoken to him.

Genesis 17:24 and abraham was next and next years when he circumcised the promise of his force years.

Genesis 17:25 and his son ismael was treventy years when he was circumcision.

Genesis 17:26 in that same time abraham and his son ismael were circumcised.

Genesis 17:27 and all the men of his house, the one who had been circumcised in the house and completed completely for him were circumcised with him.

Genesis 18:1 then the lord appeared to him when he appeared to the marre of mamre, while he was ahead of the tent.

Genesis 18:2 when he saw his eyes, he saw three men stood on him. when he saw them, he welcomed them from the door of the tent and stood down to the tent,

Genesis 18:3 and said, " my lord, if i have finished grace for you, do not passe your slave !

Genesis 18:4 bring a little water to take your feet and lavake your feet, and take under the tree.

Genesis 18:5 then i will bring a large country, and you will strengthen your heart. then you will come to your servants. " they replied, " do just as you have said. "

Genesis 18:6 so abraham went into the tent to sare and said to her, " take three measures of fish in three measures and make some fish. "

Genesis 18:7 then abraham went to the boat and gave a good and good tear and gave it to the slaves, and he gave it to the slaves.

Genesis 18:8 then he took food, the boat, and the boat that he had prepared, and took them for them, and he stood standing among them under the tree, and they picked for them.

Genesis 18:9 then they said to him, " where is your wife sara ? " he replied, " there is in the tent. "

Genesis 18:10 then he said, " i will come back to you after this time, and look, your wife sara will have a son. " and sara heard to the mouth of the tent who was ahead of him.

Genesis 18:11 but abraham and sarah were prepared and became behind, and sarah was prepared to the sheep of the woman.

Genesis 18:12 so sarah looked in sexual immorality, saying, " when i am started, will i have a husband, and my lord is star ? "

Genesis 18:13 then the lord said to abraham, " why did sarah rise and say, ' will i find children when i am started ? '

Genesis 18:14 are a difficult for all things for the lord ? in the next time i will return to you again, and sara will have a son. "

Genesis 18:15 but sara neighed and said, " i did not rise, because she was near. " but he said, " no, you have rise ! "

Genesis 18:16 then the men got up and went on sodom, and abraham went with them to follow them.

Genesis 18:17 then the lord said, " am i taken away for abraham what i am doing ?

Genesis 18:18 for abraham will become a great and great people, and all the nations of the earth will be blessed in him.

Genesis 18:19 for i have sent him to know his son and son to his own children, so that they may observe the way of the lord to make justice and justice, so that the lord will fulfill the things that he has spoken to abraham. "

Genesis 18:20 then the lord said, " because the sword of sodom and gomorrah is greater, and their greater sins is greater than that.

Genesis 18:21 i will descend and see if they have done according to the clay that has come to me. if i do not know, i will know. "

Genesis 18:22 then the men returned from that way and went to sodom, but abraham was standing before the lord.

Genesis 18:23 then abraham came and said, " will you destruct the righteous with the righteous ?

Genesis 18:24 if there on the righteous righteous in the city, will you perform them and do not perform the place for the righteous righteous who are in it ?

Genesis 18:25 it is not for you to do this, to bring the righteous with the righteous, so that the righteous will be just with the righteous, and the righteous person will not be righteous with the righteous ? "

Genesis 18:26 then the lord said, " if i find five righteous in the city, i will perform all the place for them. "

Genesis 18:27 then abraham replied, " look, i have committed to speak to the lord, though i am physical and physical person.

Genesis 18:28 indeed, if the righteous righteous people are finished, will you not destrutte all the city for the one ? " he replied, " i will not destroy if i find a seal of the one. "

Genesis 18:29 but abraham continued to speak to him and said, " if there are found to find there ? " he replied, " i will not do it for the quartever. "

Genesis 18:30 then abraham said, " do not be afraid of the lord, and i will speak. if there are thirsty thousand ? " he replied, " i will not do it if i find toward there three. "

Genesis 18:31 then abraham said, " look, i have distressed to speak to the lord, if there are thirsty to be found for two. " and he said, " i will not shkatërre it for the two. "

Genesis 18:32 but he said, " do not provoke my lord, if i speak only a second time, if i have found to the one. " and he replied, " i will not shkatërre it for the devil. "

Genesis 18:33 when the lord had looking to speak to abraham, he went back, and abraham returned to his place.

Genesis 19:1 at the next day the two angels came to sodom. lot was standing in the room of sodom. when lot saw them, he got up and went with their face to the face.

Genesis 19:2 and said, " look, my slaves, come into your servants, and go up and put your feet. then you will leave your feet and put up your feet. " but they replied, " no, we will go in the ground. "

Genesis 19:3 but he became greatly with them, and they went to him and went into his house. then he became a banquet for them, and they eat.

Genesis 19:4 before they had counted, the men of the city, the people of sodom, appointed the house and leaving the house, all the people from the town.

Genesis 19:5 they called lot and said to him, " where are the men who came to you in this number ? bring them out to us so that we may know them. "

Genesis 19:6 then lot went out to them in the door, and reported the door after him,

Genesis 19:7 and he said, " my brothers, do not do evil !

Genesis 19:8 look, i have two daughters who have known the man. i will send them out to you, and you do what you do with them. but do not do anything with these men, because they have come under the country of my country. "

Genesis 19:9 but they said, " go away ! " and they said, " this man came ! " and they said, " this man has come a husband ! now we will show you more more than you ! " then they stupped the man ' s lot, and they shouted to experience the man ' s lot.

Genesis 19:10 but the men extended their hands, brought lot to them into the house and struck the door.

Genesis 19:11 but they were abandoned the people who were with the house, with great and great, so that they were able to find the door.

Genesis 19:12 then the men said to lot, " have you still a daughter ? the son or your daughter or your daughter and all who are in this city, bring them out of this place,

Genesis 19:13 for we are destruction this place because our clamor is great before the lord, and the lord sent us to destruction it. "

Genesis 19:14 so lot went out and said to his wounds, who had proclaimed his daughter, and said, " get up and come out of this place, for the lord will destrut the city. " but the women was trying to destruction.

Genesis 19:15 when the little lot appeared, the angels began to leave lot, saying, " get up and take your mother and your two daughters that are there, so that you will not be killed because of the lot ' s lot. "

Genesis 19:16 but when he was afraid, the men placed his hand and the hand of his mother and the hand of his mother, because the lord had compassion for him, and they brought him and brought him outside the city.

Genesis 19:17 when they had brought them out, he said, " escap your salvation ! do not recognize you and do not stop in all the region. escap for the money, so that you may not go. "

Genesis 19:18 but lot said to them, " do not, my lord !

Genesis 19:19 if your slave has found your benefit and you have great benefit that you have done for me to see my life, but i am not able to escape my life. but i am not able to escape my life and i am dead.

Genesis 19:20 look, this city is afraid to escape, and it is little. let me escape away, and it is not little. let me escape, and my life will live. "

Genesis 19:21 and he said to him, " look, i have prepared you in this way, so that i will not destrue the city you have proclaimed.

Genesis 19:22 get up, stear there, because i will not do nothing until you come there. " so the name of the city was called soar.

Genesis 19:23 the sun was raised over the earth when lot came to soar.

Genesis 19:24 then the lord opened sound and fire from sodom and gomorrah from the lord from heaven.

Genesis 19:25 he turned these towns and the whole ground and all the habitants of the towns and the ground of the ground.

Genesis 19:26 but his wife. when she saw him, she looked back at a stone of the stone.

Genesis 19:27 now abraham went up the morning and went to the place where he had stood before the lord.

Genesis 19:28 when he saw the sound and gomorrah and the whole region of the sound, and he saw that the fire was raised from the earth like the food of the sword.

Genesis 19:29 so when god destructed the destruction of the destruction, god remembered abraham and sent lot lot out of the destruction, when he recognized the lows where lot the lot lived.

Genesis 19:30 then lot went out from soar and died with his two daughters, for he was trying to go in soar, for he was trying to go in coar, and he was trying with his two daughters.

Genesis 19:31 then the mother said to the younger, " our father is star, and there is no man in the earth to come to us according to the mind of all the world.

Genesis 19:32 come, let us give our father vinger and lay with him, so that we may have life from our father. "

Genesis 19:33 so they gathered the wife drink with their father, and the mother came and came with his father. but he did not know when she got up and when she got up.

Genesis 19:34 the next day the master said to the younger, " look, i have leated with the father with my father. let him drink him wine, and you must go and go with him, so that we may drink the father of our father. "

Genesis 19:35 then they became between their father the vinger and the little child got up with him, and she did not leave with him when she got up and when she got up.

Genesis 19:36 so the two lins ' s lins were conceiting by their father.

Genesis 19:37 and the child gathered a son and called him moab. he is the father of the moabitians until now.

Genesis 19:38 and the child also gate a son and called him ben-ammi. he is the father of the ammoniter until now.

Genesis 20:1 then abraham went away from there to the region of the negev and sailed among cades and shur, and he was peregrying in gerar.

Genesis 20:2 now abraham said about sarah, his wife, " she is my sister. " so abimelech, the king of gerar, sent and took sara.

Genesis 20:3 but god came to abimelech in a number of the number and said to him, " you are dead because of the woman you have received, for she is one man ' s wife. "

Genesis 20:4 but abimelech was not approved to her, and he said, " lord, will you think even a righteous people ?

Genesis 20:5 did she not say to me, ' she is my brother ' ? and she also said, " she is my brother ' ? i have done this in the heart of my heart and with pure hands. "

Genesis 20:6 then god said to him in secret, " i know that you have done this sexual immorality of what you have done against me. so i did not deceive you to deceive you.

Genesis 20:7 now give her the man ' s wife, because he is a prophet, and he will live for you, and you will live. but if you do not repay her, know that you and all your husbands will be dead. "

Genesis 20:8 then abimelech got up to the morning, called all his servants and told them all these things, and the people were terrified.

Genesis 20:9 then abraham called abraham and said to him, " what have you done for us ? what did i have done against me and that i have brought great kingdom against you and my kingdom ? you have done me what you do not do. "

Genesis 20:10 and abimelech said to abraham, " what did you think that you did this ? "

Genesis 20:11 abraham replied, " i told you that there is no fear of god in this place, and they will murdery me because of my husband.

Genesis 20:12 instead, she is my sister, the daughter of my father, but not the daughter of my mother, and she has become my daughter.

Genesis 20:13 and when god wrapped me from the house of my father, i said to her, ' show me this beneficial, you will say to me, ' you are my brother. ' "

Genesis 20:14 then abimelech took sheep and slaves, slaves and slaves and gave them to abraham and gave him sarah his wife.

Genesis 20:15 and abimelech said, " look, my land is before you ; live where you are willing. "

Genesis 20:16 and he said to sara, " look, i have given you a sign silver coins to your brother. this is for you for all who are with you, and for all you have been justified. "

Genesis 20:17 then abraham prayed to god, and god helped abimelech, his wife, and his slaves, and they were healed.

Genesis 20:18 for the lord had plotted all the women of the house of abimelech for sarah, the widow of abraham.

Genesis 21:1 and the lord visired to sarah as he had spoken, and the lord did to sara what he had spoken.

Genesis 21:2 and sarah conceived and belonged to abraham a son in his wife, in the next time that god had told him.

Genesis 21:3 and abraham called his son who was named him, whom sarah had named him, isaac.

Genesis 21:4 and abraham circumcised his son isaac, when he was opposed to him, god circumcised him.

Genesis 21:5 and abraham was a hundred years when his son isaac was born.

Genesis 21:6 and sara said, " god has loved me free, and all who hear this will lose with me. "

Genesis 21:7 and she said, " who had been told to abraham that sara would give children ? for i have given him a son in his husband. "

Genesis 21:8 the child got up and was destroyed, and abraham made great ground in the day when isaac was destroyed.

Genesis 21:9 so sarah saw the son of hagar, the egypt, whom she had given to abraham, was sformed.

Genesis 21:10 then she said to abraham, " drive this slave and her son, for the son of this slave woman will not drive out with my son isaac. "

Genesis 21:11 this affection was afraid of abraham because of his son.

Genesis 21:12 but god said to abraham, " do not be afraid for your slave and for your slaves. all what sara says to you will obey her, because in isaac will be called your descendants.

Genesis 21:13 but i will bring the son of the slaves to a nation, because he is your descendant. "

Genesis 21:14 then abraham got up at the morning, took some water and a weak of water and gave it to hagar, looking at her, and gave it to her children. he went up and went in the wilderness of beer-sheba.

Genesis 21:15 when the water was put out of the boat, she threw the child under a child.

Genesis 21:16 and went up and seized at him as a large husband, because she said, " i do not see the child ' s child. " so she went up and placed his voice and placed.

Genesis 21:17 so god heard the voice of the child, and the angel of god called hagar from heaven and said to her, " what do you do, hagar ? do not be afraid ; god heard the voice of the child from the place where he is.

Genesis 21:18 get up, leave the child and hold him with your hand, for i will make him a great nation. "

Genesis 21:19 then god opened her eyes and she saw a put of water. so she went and put the water with water and gave the child to drink.

Genesis 21:20 god was with the child, and he created up and was in the wilderness, and he was strong.

Genesis 21:21 he bowed in the wilderness of paran, and his mother took a woman from the land of egypt.

Genesis 21:22 at that time abimelech and phicol, his commanding officer, said to abraham, " god is with you in all what you do.

Genesis 21:23 therefore tell me this god that you will not obey me and my son or my descendants, but the benefit that i have done with you will be done with me and with the land you have done with you. "

Genesis 21:24 and abraham said, " i swear. "

Genesis 21:25 but abraham began to recognize abimelech for a put of water that the women of abimelech had formered.

Genesis 21:26 then abimelech replied, " i do not know who has done this. you did not tell me and i have not heard that i have heard this. "

Genesis 21:27 so abraham took sheep and bodies and gave them to abimelech, and they have concerned concerning them.

Genesis 21:28 now abraham put seven sheep of the sheep.

Genesis 21:29 then abimelech said to abraham, " what do these seven sheep you have divided ? "

Genesis 21:30 he replied, " you will take this seven sheep from my hand to testify for me to testify that i have put this put away. "

Genesis 21:31 so then he called the place to beer-sheba, because there they became appointed with them.

Genesis 21:32 so they died concerning beer-sheba. then abimelech and pichol, his commanding officer, got up and returned to the land of the philisters.

Genesis 21:33 then abraham planted a tamarish in beer-sheba and called there the name of the lord, the eternal god.

Genesis 21:34 and abraham lived as long time in the land of the philisters.

Genesis 22:1 after these things god helped abraham and said to him, " abraham ! " and he replied, " look ! "

Genesis 22:2 he said, " take your son, your unbelieving, whom you love, isaac, and go to the land of moriah and offer him off there one of the money off that i tell you. "

Genesis 22:3 then abraham got up at the morning, raised his country, took his two household with his son, isaac and his son, and went up to the place that god had told him.

Genesis 22:4 on the next day abraham saw his eyes and saw the place from depart.

Genesis 22:5 then abraham said to his ancestors, " go here with the ostover, and i and the child will go there, and we will return you to you. "

Genesis 22:6 then abraham took the brance of the brance and put it to isaac his son, and he took his hand and the cup, and they went together.

Genesis 22:7 then isaac spoke to abraham, his father, and said, " my father ! " he replied, " look, my son ! " he replied, " look, it is the fire and the lamb, but where is the lamb for the sacrifice ? "

Genesis 22:8 abraham replied, " god will show himself a lamb for the lamb, my son. " so they went together together.

Genesis 22:9 when they came to the place god had said to him, abraham bowed there a altar and put his droad. then he put his son isaac and put him on the altar on the altar.

Genesis 22:10 then abraham stretched his hand and took the cup to offer his son.

Genesis 22:11 but the angel of the lord called him from heaven and said, " abraham, abraham ! " he replied, " i am here ! "

Genesis 22:12 then the angel said, " do not leave your hand on the mountain, and do not fail him. for now i know that you have crased god, because you have not rejected your son, your husband. "

Genesis 22:13 when abraham saw his eyes, he looked up and saw the lamb in front of his corners. then abraham went, took the lamb and offered him in front of the son of his son.

Genesis 22:14 so abraham called the place of the lord, " god will see. " and immediately people said, " on the berg of the lord will see. "

Genesis 22:15 then the angel of the lord called abraham a second time from heaven

Genesis 22:16 and said, " i swear by me, " says the lord, " because you have done this and did not reject your son, your only son,

Genesis 22:17 i will blesse you blessed and multiplite your descendants like the throne of heaven and like the stone that is on the sea of the sea, and your descendants will be possessed by the porter of his enemies.

Genesis 22:18 and in your descendants all the nations of the earth will be benefit, because you obeyed my voice. ' "

Genesis 22:19 then abraham returned to his slaves, and they went up and went together to ber-seba. and abraham was habited in ber-seba.

Genesis 22:20 after these things they said to abraham, saying, " milka has partown children for your brother nahor,

Genesis 22:21 us the first priest, buz his brother buz, kemuel the father of aram,

Genesis 22:22 and kesed, hazo, pildah, jidlaf, and bethuel.

Genesis 22:23 and bethuel beloned rebeka. these next covenant milka to milka, the brother of abraham.

Genesis 22:24 the concubina of reuma, the name of reuma, the father of tebah, gaham, tahash and maacha.

Genesis 23:1 and the life of sara was hundred and seven years.

Genesis 23:2 and sarah entered kiriath-arba, who is hebron, in the land of canaan. and abraham came to bear sara and bear her.

Genesis 23:3 then abraham got up from his dead, and he said to the sons of heth, saying,

Genesis 23:4 " i am a priest and a priest among you. give me a grave grob among you, so that i can depart my dead from you. "

Genesis 23:5 then the heirs replied to abraham saying,

Genesis 23:6 " obey us, my lord ! you are a priest of god among you. take your dead in the tombs of our tombs. no one of you will happen his tombs from you to keep your dead. "

Genesis 23:7 then abraham got up and prayed for the people of the land, to the people of heth,

Genesis 23:8 and said to them, " if you accepted that i making my dead from my soor, listen to me and pray for me for ephron, the son of sohar,

Genesis 23:9 that he give me the covenant of macpela, who is in the mark of his covenant. let me give me a full defense, that i may give it the ground among you. "

Genesis 23:10 now ephron was sitting among the heavens. and ephron, the hethita, answered abraham to the heavens of the heavens, who went in the city of his city, saying,

Genesis 23:11 " do not, my lord, give me this ! i give you the presence of the people that is in him, and i give you the presence of your people. i give you your dead. "

Genesis 23:12 but abraham build himself for the people of the land,

Genesis 23:13 and said to ephron with the people of the people of the land and said, " if you hear, listen to me. i give the mark of the mark for you, and i will receive my dead there. "

Genesis 23:14 ephron answered abraham, saying to him,

Genesis 23:15 " my lord, obey me ! what foundation of silver sicls is among me. what is it about me and you ? entered your morning. "

Genesis 23:16 and abraham obeyed efron, and abraham prepared to ephron to the silver country that he had proclaimed the heart of the heavens, five thousand silver coins.

Genesis 23:17 so the mark of efron that was in mamre in mamre, the food that was in mamre and the food that was in it and all the countryside that was in the country,

Genesis 23:18 in possession to abraham, in possessions to the eyes of heth and all who went into the portion of his city.

Genesis 23:19 after this abraham entered his wife sarah in the wilderness of mamre, that is, hebron, in the land of canaan.

Genesis 23:20 so the heart and the short that was in him was appointed to abraham according to the ground of the heart.

Genesis 24:1 now abraham was star, in star, and the lord had blessed abraham in all things.

Genesis 24:2 then abraham said to his slave, the slave of his house, who was over him and said to him, " hand your hand under my country,

Genesis 24:3 and i will order you to the lord, the god of heaven and the god of the earth, that you will not take a son of my daughter among the chief priests among whom i live,

Genesis 24:4 but you will go into my land and to my family and take a child for my son isaac. "

Genesis 24:5 the slave woman said to him, " if the woman does not want me to go in this land, will i then bring your son into the land you have come out ? "

Genesis 24:6 abraham replied, " guard yourself not to bring my son back there !

Genesis 24:7 ' the lord, the god of heaven, who took me from the house of my father and from my father and who spoke me and said to me, ' i will give his angels to you, ' and he will give his angels to your presence, so that you will take my son there from my son.

Genesis 24:8 but if the woman does not want you to come, you will be lived from this eating. only do not bring my son there there. "

Genesis 24:9 so the slave put his hand under the tomb of abraham his lord and spoke to him about this.

Genesis 24:10 then the slave took the kamels of his nation of the camp of his lord and went out as well. he went up and went to mesopotamia, to the city of nahor.

Genesis 24:11 then he departed the women outside the city by a vamel ' s water, at the time when the women came out to find water.

Genesis 24:12 and he said, " lord, god of my lord abraham, give me well and fast great benefit with my lord abraham.

Genesis 24:13 look, i am standing standing by the water, and the daughters of the city came to enter water.

Genesis 24:14 so it will say to the mountain that i say to my slave, ' be better and i will drink ! ' and it will say, ' drink, and i will drink your wounds ! ' and it will know that you have better for my servants isaac. ' so i will know that you have better for my lord. "

Genesis 24:15 before he had looking to speak, it came a daughter of bethuel, a daughter of bethuel, a wife of milcah, a wife of milcah, the wife of abraham ' s women.

Genesis 24:16 the widow was like a large widow, a little widow, who had no man known. she descended to the water and full of her water and came up.

Genesis 24:17 then the slave treasured up to her and said, " give me a little water from your wound. "

Genesis 24:18 so she replied, " drink, my lord ! " and she put up the crowds down on his hand and gave him drink.

Genesis 24:19 when she had filled him to drink, she said, " i will share water for your kamels until they have filled. "

Genesis 24:20 so she flock out his crowns in the boat and followed again to the stumble to drink, and she shouted for all his women.

Genesis 24:21 the man was silent at it and silent, so that he could know if the lord had prospered his way or not.

Genesis 24:22 when the kamels were drinking to drink, the man took a measure of gold, a measure of gold, and two measures of gold on her hand,

Genesis 24:23 and said, " who are you a daughter ? tell me. is it in the house of your father to be place for us ? "

Genesis 24:24 he replied, " i am the daughter of bethuel, the son of milcah, whom she named nahor. "

Genesis 24:25 then he said to him, " there are many food and food, and there is food for us. "

Genesis 24:26 then the man shouted down and began to worship god.

Genesis 24:27 and said, " blessed be the lord, the god of my lord abraham, who has not loved his benefit and his faithfulness ! the lord has brought me up to the way of the brothers of my brother. "

Genesis 24:28 then the mother corned and told these things in the house of his mother.

Genesis 24:29 then rebeka had a brother who was laban. so laban laid out to the man to the man.

Genesis 24:30 when he saw the sister and the ruling of his sister, and when he heard the sister of his sister rebeka, saying, " the man said to me, ' he came to me ! " and when he came to the country, he was standing in the country.

Genesis 24:31 and he said, " come, blessed of the lord ! why are you standing outside ? i have stopped the house and a place for the camels. "

Genesis 24:32 then the man went into the house and lathered the kameles and gave the kameles and women and put his feet and water to eat the feet of jesus and his people who were with him.

Genesis 24:33 then they threw him to eat. but he said, " i will not eat until i have saying my sake. " and laban said, " speak. "

Genesis 24:34 then he said, " i am the slave of abraham.

Genesis 24:35 the lord has granted the owner of my lord and has been granted. he has given him sheep and silver coins, silver and silver coins, slaves and slaves.

Genesis 24:36 and sarah, my lord ' s wife, has given a son to my wife, and he gave him everything he has.

Genesis 24:37 and my lord commanded me saying, ' do not take a son to my son from the daughters of the cananees in whom i live,

Genesis 24:38 but you will go to the house of my father and to my country and take a son to my son. '

Genesis 24:39 then i said to my lord, ' if the woman does not want me ? '

Genesis 24:40 he said to me, ' the lord whose presence i have wanted, he will send his angel with you and will send your angels with you, and you will bring my son from my family and from my father ' s house.

Genesis 24:41 then you will be lived from my eine when you come to my country, and if they do not give you, you will be free from my eine. '

Genesis 24:42 now i came to the fonte and said, ' lord, god of my lord abraham, if you prosperes my droom,

Genesis 24:43 look, i am standing by the wound water, and the widow who comes out to weep water and i tell him, ' give me to drink a little water from your water, "

Genesis 24:44 and if she says to me, ' drink too, and i will drink your kamels too, ' it is the woman whom the lord has prepared for the son of my lord. '

Genesis 24:45 before i had been afraid to speak in my heart, rebeka came up with the cup and descended at the cross. then i said to her, ' give me water to drink ! '

Genesis 24:46 so she put up his shepherd down from the ground and said, ' drink, and i will drink your kamels too. ' so i drink, and she gave up the kamels too.

Genesis 24:47 then i asked her, ' who are a daughter ? ' she replied, ' i am a daughter of bethuel, the son of nahor, whom milka has given to him. ' then i put the poor in her hand and the naked in her hands.

Genesis 24:48 then i inclined the lord and worked the lord, and i blessed the lord, my god, the lord of my lord abraham, who made me the droom of my brother to come to his daughter.

Genesis 24:49 now if you have shown mercy or faithful with my lord, tell me, and if you do not, tell me, so that i will enter the right or a single hand. "

Genesis 24:50 then laban and bethuel replied, " this is from the lord. we are not able to speak you anything or good.

Genesis 24:51 this is rebeka before you. take her and go, and she must be the son of your lord, as he has said. "

Genesis 24:52 when the slave of abraham heard their words, he fell to the earth to the lord.

Genesis 24:53 then the slave came out silver coins and gold and clothes and gave them to rebeca. he gave something to her brother and mother.

Genesis 24:54 then they eat and became, he and the people who were with him and became there. when they left the morning, he said, " release me to my lord. "

Genesis 24:55 but the brother and mother said, " let the daughter be left with us a next day, and then you will go. "

Genesis 24:56 but he said to them, " do not remain me, because the lord has prospered my way. release me, so i will come to my lord. "

Genesis 24:57 they said, " let ' s called the mountain and will interrog her. "

Genesis 24:58 so they called rebeka and said to her, " will you go with this man ? " she replied, " i will go. "

Genesis 24:59 so they sent rebeka, their mother, and his number, and the slave of abraham and his men.

Genesis 24:60 and they blessed rebecca and said to her, " our sister, be a milk of milk, and your descendants must possesse the portives of his enemies ! "

Genesis 24:61 then rebeka and her servant went up and went over the kamels and went up to the man. so the slave man took rebeka and went.

Genesis 24:62 now isaac was returned from the road of lachai-roi, for he was in the land of the negeve.

Genesis 24:63 when isaac was going out to worship in the wilderness, he saw his eyes and saw, and look, some kamels came.

Genesis 24:64 when rebeka looked up and saw isaac, she fell down from the camp.

Genesis 24:65 and she said to the slave, " who is this man who comes in the journey for us ? " the slave woman replied, " it is my lord. " then she took the poor and coined him.

Genesis 24:66 then the slave told isaac everything he had done.

Genesis 24:67 so isaac brought her in the tent of his mother sara, and he took rebeka, and she was his daughter. so isaac was consolated, and isaac was consolated through death.

Genesis 25:1 then abraham took another woman, whose name was ketura.

Genesis 25:2 and she gave to him zimran, joksan, medan, midian, ishbak, and shuah.

Genesis 25:3 joksan was the father of dedan and dedan. the sons of dedan were : assurim, letushim, leummim and leummim.

Genesis 25:4 and the sons of midian : efa, efer, hanoch, abida, and eldaa. these rehetra waren the sons of ketura.

Genesis 25:5 and abraham gave all his possessions to isaac.

Genesis 25:6 but to the sons of his descendants abraham gave darks and encouraged them from his life, while he was still longer, he sent them away from the son of isaac to the orige land.

Genesis 25:7 now this is the days of the life of abraham who he leated, was seventy-seventy-five years.

Genesis 25:8 then abraham died up and died in a good household, much and fully days, and he was congregated to his people.

Genesis 25:9 and isaac and ismael, his sons, entered him in the foot of macpela, in the mark of ephron, the son of ephron, the high priest of mamre,

Genesis 25:10 the mark that abraham had completed from the heads of heth. there was entered abraham and sara his wife.

Genesis 25:11 after abraham was devoted, god blessed his son isaac. and isaac was habited by the road of lachai-roi.

Genesis 25:12 these are the nation of ismael, the son of abraham, whom hagar, the slave woman of sara, belongs to abraham.

Genesis 25:13 these are the name of the sons of ismael, whose name was : nebaioth, the famile of ismael, kedar, adbeel, mibsam,

Genesis 25:14 misma, duma, massa,

Genesis 25:15 hadad, tema, jetur, nafish, and kedma.

Genesis 25:16 these are the sons of ishmael, and these were their name in their villages and tafels, twelve names in their nation.

Genesis 25:17 now these were the way of ismael ' s life, hundred and thirty times. then he died and died, and he came up to his people.

Genesis 25:18 they habited from havila until shur, who is in the presence of ashur to ashur. he went down to all his brothers and sisters.

Genesis 25:19 this is the genered of isaac, the son of abraham. abraham was the father of isaac.

Genesis 25:20 now isaac was about firty years when he took rebeka the daughter of bethuel, the daughter of bethuel from mesopotamia, the sister of laban, the sister of laban.

Genesis 25:21 and isaac prayed to the lord for his wife, because she was near. and the lord heard him and rebecca his wife conceived.

Genesis 25:22 but the children began to treave her in her, and she said, " if this is so, why can i do this ? " so she went to consulte the lord.

Genesis 25:23 then the lord said to him, " two nations are in your break, and two people will go out from your ventre. two people will be servant than the other, and the other will serve the other. "

Genesis 25:24 when the time was filled to fill, it was distress in her boat.

Genesis 25:25 the first came out, whose cloth was full of cloth, and they gave him the name esau.

Genesis 25:26 then his brother came out and his hand was counted with the heart of esau, and he called him jacob. and isaac was sexth years when they were named.

Genesis 25:27 when the child created, esau was a righteous man, recognized in the wilderness, but jacob was a dear man who loved in the wilderness.

Genesis 25:28 so isaac amis esau, because he was free for his sheep, but rebeka amazed jacob.

Genesis 25:29 and jacob kought a poor, and esau came from the wilderness and was distressed.

Genesis 25:30 so esau said to jacob, " give me to eat the cup of this rome, for i am afraid. " so the name was called edom.

Genesis 25:31 but jacob said, " ventain me first your primogenction. "

Genesis 25:32 esau replied, " i am going to marry, and why do i give me the first perfect ? "

Genesis 25:33 then jacob said, " swear me first ! " and he swear him and provened his perform to jacob.

Genesis 25:34 then jacob gave a bread and lead from bread. so he eat and drink, and went up and went up. so esau worked his parents.

Genesis 26:1 now there was food in the land, except the first honor who was in the days of abraham. so isaac went to abimelech, the king of the philisters, to gerar.

Genesis 26:2 then the lord appeared to him and said, " do not come into egypt, but live in the land i tell you.

Genesis 26:3 come in this land and i will be with you, and i will be with you and bear you, for i will give you all these landers in this land and give the blessing that i proclaimed to your father abraham.

Genesis 26:4 and i will multiplike your descendants like the stone of heaven and give your descendants all these nations, and the nations of your nations will be blessed as the nations of heaven,

Genesis 26:5 because abraham obeyed my voice and observed my commandments, my commandments, my commandments, and my law. "

Genesis 26:6 so isaac died in gerar.

Genesis 26:7 when the women of the women asked him about his women, he said, " she is my sister. " because he said, " she is my sister ! " because he said, " she is my wife, " for she was a husband. "

Genesis 26:8 when he had leading there a long time, abimelech, the king of the philisters, set out of the fense and saw that isaac was speaking with rebeka his wife.

Genesis 26:9 then isaac called isaac and said, " she is also your wife ! how can you say, ' she is my wife ? " isaac replied, " for i told you not to go because of her. "

Genesis 26:10 and abimelech said, " what did you have done us ? unless someone from you had been lived with your wife with your wife, and you had put us over us ! "

Genesis 26:11 then abimelech commanded all the people, saying, " whoever loves this man or his wife will be put to death. "

Genesis 26:12 so isaac seed in that land and received in that time hundred times, because the lord blessed him.

Genesis 26:13 and the man was great and encouraged, until he was great rich.

Genesis 26:14 he had possessions of sheep and sheep and many slaves, so that the philisters invited him.

Genesis 26:15 and all the waves that his father ' s slaves had created in the time of his father abraham, the philistins threw them up and fulfilled them with earth.

Genesis 26:16 and abimelech said to isaac, " go from us, for you have become forward than we. "

Genesis 26:17 so isaac went away from there and learned in the road of gerar and banted there.

Genesis 26:18 then isaac recognized the crowds that had created in the days of abraham his father, and that the philistins had ploned the dead after abraham ' s death. and he called them the same name that his father had given them.

Genesis 26:19 then the slaves of isaac grow in the road and found a put of water with water.

Genesis 26:20 but the gerars of gerar spoke with the passover of isaac, saying, " this water is our water ! " so he called the magician isaac, because they were afraid with him.

Genesis 26:21 then they casting another put another, and they spoke about it. then he called it sitna.

Genesis 26:22 then he went away from there and shouted another rook, and they did not recognize it. then he gave him a large name rehoboth, saying, " now the lord has rehoited us in this land, and we will be crucified in this land. "

Genesis 26:23 then he went up to beer-sheba.

Genesis 26:24 now the lord appeared to him in the same time and said, " i am the god of your father abraham. do not be afraid, for i am with you and will blesse your descendants for abraham, my father. "

Genesis 26:25 so he built there a altar and invoked the name of the lord, and he put there his tent. and the slaves of isaac cried there a put.

Genesis 26:26 then abimelech came to him from gerar, with ahuzath, his friend, and pichol, his commanding officer.

Genesis 26:27 isaac said to them, " why do you come to me, because you have hardened me and sent me away from you ? "

Genesis 26:28 they replied, " we have seen the way that the lord is with you, and we said, ' let us be a order among us and you, and make a commandment with you,

Genesis 26:29 you do not deceive you anything, just as we did not fail you, but have done you well with you and sent you in peace. you are now blessed by the lord. "

Genesis 26:30 so isaac divided them a fish, and they eat and drink.

Genesis 26:31 the next day they got up and ordered one another. then isaac left them and they went away from him in peace.

Genesis 26:32 in the same day the slaves of isaac came and told him about the put they had calling, and said to him, " we have found water. "

Genesis 26:33 and he called it seba. so the name of this city is beer-sheba until now.

Genesis 26:34 when esau was next year, he took the daughter of beeri, the daughter of beeri the hethita, and basmath, the daughter of elon the hethita.

Genesis 26:35 these were adultery for isaac and rebecca.

Genesis 27:1 when isaac was star, and his eyes were blind, so that he could not see, he called his son esau, and said to him, " my son ! " and he said to him, " this is my son. "

Genesis 27:2 then isaac said, " look, i am started and i do not know my day ' s death.

Genesis 27:3 now take your arks and your bound, and go into the wilderness, and go out into the wilderness and get out for me.

Genesis 27:4 so make me a little year, just as i love, and bring me to eat, so that my spirit may bless you first before i live. "

Genesis 27:5 now rebeka heard what isaac had spoken to his son esau. so esau went out to the wilderness to take something to come and to bring him.

Genesis 27:6 then rebeka said to his son jacob, " i heard your father saying to your brother esau, saying,

Genesis 27:7 ' bring a wilderness for me and bless me a shepherd, so that i may eat and bless you before the lord before my death. '

Genesis 27:8 now, my son, obey my voice and do what i command you.

Genesis 27:9 go to the greet and bring me two gifts of hypocrisy, so i will fast to them for your father as well as he lives.

Genesis 27:10 then you will bring you to your father to eat, so that he can bless you before he lives. "

Genesis 27:11 but jacob said to his mother rebecca, " look, my brother esau is true, and i am a hard man.

Genesis 27:12 even if my father hates me, i will be bear in his eyes, and i will be blessed over me a blessing and not blessing. "

Genesis 27:13 but his mother said to him, " your blessing must come on me, my son ! obey my voice and go and bring it to me. "

Genesis 27:14 then he went and brought them and brought them to his mother, and his mother took something like his father had looking for his father.

Genesis 27:15 then rebeka took the cloth of esau, his elders son, who had in it in the house, and healed them to jacob his child son.

Genesis 27:16 and with the heads of the heads she placed his hands and the glad of his hals.

Genesis 27:17 then she gave the poor and the broad that she had preparated, in the hand of jacob his son.

Genesis 27:18 so he came to his father and said, " father ! " he replied, " i am. who are you, my son ? "

Genesis 27:19 then jacob said to his father, " i am esau, your priest. i have done what you said to me. come, come and eat from my country, so that your honor will seek me. "

Genesis 27:20 but isaac said to his son, " how did you find this, my son ? " he replied, " for the lord your god has sent it to me. "

Genesis 27:21 then isaac said to jacob, " come to keep you, my son, so that i may be my son esau or not. "

Genesis 27:22 so jacob came to his father isaac, and he spoke him and said, " the voice is the voice of jacob, but the hands are esau ' s hands. "

Genesis 27:23 and he did not recognize him, because his hands were like the hands of his brother esau. and he blessed him.

Genesis 27:24 and he said, " are you my son esau ? " he replied, " i am. "

Genesis 27:25 then isaac said, " bring it for me and i will come from the wine of my son, so that my spirit will bless you. " then he gave him well, and he gave him well, and he came.

Genesis 27:26 then his father isaac said to him, " come now and kiss me, my son. "

Genesis 27:27 so he came and blessed him. so he shouted the cloak of his clothes and blessed him and said, " look, my son ' s son is like the shepherd of the fire that the lord has blessed.

Genesis 27:28 so let god give you from the road of heaven and from the grow of the earth, and abundance of trigo and most.

Genesis 27:29 nations must follow you and the nations must follow you. blessed be the lord of your brothers, and the sons of your mother must be blessed. blessed be the one who bless you, and blessed be the one who bless you ! "

Genesis 27:30 when isaac had finished blessed jacob, and just as jacob had come from his father isaac, his brother esau came from his country.

Genesis 27:31 he also brought his country and brought him to his father. he said to his father, " get up, my father, and eat the son of your son, so that your life will eat me. "

Genesis 27:32 but isaac, his father, said to him, " who are you ? " he replied, " i am your son esau, your priest. "

Genesis 27:33 so isaac treated out as well and said, " who then is the one who brought a shepherd and said to me, " who is the one who come to come and brought him ? i will be blessed ! "

Genesis 27:34 when esau heard the words of his father, he shouted with a loud and bitterly ground and said to his father, " bless also me, my father ! "

Genesis 27:35 but he said, " your brother came with slander and took your benediction. "

Genesis 27:36 so esau said, " did he not have been looking for him as a righteous man ? he has addressed my first first, and now he have received my benediction ! " then he said, " don ' t you have received my benediction ? "

Genesis 27:37 isaac answered esau, " look, i have put him over to you, and i have made him all his brothers for you, and i have given him all his brothers and sisters. what then should i do for you, my son ? "

Genesis 27:38 then esau said to his father, " have you only blessed, my father ? bless also me, my father ! " and esau placed his voice and placed.

Genesis 27:39 so his father isaac answered him, " look ! your habitation will be from the ground of the earth and from the rook of heaven from the rook of heaven.

Genesis 27:40 you will live with your sexual immorality and you will serve your brother. but when you live, you will remain his joy from your shepherd. "

Genesis 27:41 and esau hated jacob because he had blessed him because his father had blessed him. then esau said in his heart, " the days of my father is dead, then i will destroy my brother jacob. "

Genesis 27:42 when they said to rebeke the words of esau, his next son, he sent and called jacob, his child son, and said to him, " look, your brother esau is intending to go to you.

Genesis 27:43 now now, my son, obey my voice and get up to my brother laban to haran.

Genesis 27:44 and live with him some days until the further of your brother has passed,

Genesis 27:45 until your brother has turned away from you and he will happen what you have done for him. then i will send you and bring you away from you. why will i send you on a same day ? "

Genesis 27:46 then rebeka said to isaac, " i have been foolish for my heart because of the heart of heth. if jacob accept a woman from the high priest of heth, how must i live for me ? "

Genesis 28:1 so isaac called jacob and blessed him, and he commanded him and said, " do not be thirsty from the daughters of canaan.

Genesis 28:2 get up and go to paddan-aram, to the house of bethuel, the mother of your mother, and take yourself a mother from the mother of laban, your mother.

Genesis 28:3 and god the all-powerful god must bless you and make you fruit and be multiplied, so that you may be a multitude of nations.

Genesis 28:4 and he must give you the blessing of abraham, to your descendants with you and to give you the land of your promises, that god has given to abraham. "

Genesis 28:5 so isaac sent isaac, and he went to mesopotamia, to laban, the son of bethuel, the son of bethuel, the mother of rebecca, the mother of jacob and esau.

Genesis 28:6 now when isaac saw that isaac had blessed jacob and sent him to paddan-aram to give him a woman from mesopotamia, and when he had blessed him, he told him, " do not bear a daughter from the daughters of canaan. "

Genesis 28:7 and that jacob had obeyed his father and mother and went to padan-aram.

Genesis 28:8 so esau saw that the daughters of canaan was evil to his father isaac,

Genesis 28:9 so esau went to ismael and took mahalath, the daughter of abraham, the daughter of abraham, the daughter of nebajoth.

Genesis 28:10 so jacob left berseba and went to haran.

Genesis 28:11 when he came to a place and sat on his place, he took a stone. he took some of the place of the place and put it on his place and put it on his place.

Genesis 28:12 then he appeared, and there was a scroll stopped in the earth, and the angels of god ascended and descended on it.

Genesis 28:13 and look, the lord stood on her and said, " i am the lord, the god of your father abraham and the god of isaac. the land you are lead i will give you and your descendants.

Genesis 28:14 and your nation will be like the stop of the earth, and you will break out to the sea and to the sea and to the sea, and in you and your descendants will be blessed in all the nations of the earth.

Genesis 28:15 and i am with you, and i will guard you where you are going, and i will send you back to this land. for i will not rejoice you until i have done what i have told you. "

Genesis 28:16 when jacob was experienced from his slaves he said, " certainly the lord is in this place, and i did not know it ! "

Genesis 28:17 and he became terrible and said, " how terrible is this place ! it is not other than the house of god, and this is the porter of heaven ! "

Genesis 28:18 then jacob got up to the morning and took the stone whom he had put under his head, and put it on a stone, and he put olive on it.

Genesis 28:19 and he called the place of the place of betel, but first the name of the city was luz.

Genesis 28:20 then jacob became a profit and said, " if god is with me and guard me in this way that i am going and give me clothing to eat and clothing to eat,

Genesis 28:21 and if i return back in peace in the house of my father, then the lord will be my god.

Genesis 28:22 and this stone i put up as a covenant will be a house of god, and from everything you give me, i will give you the devil. "

Genesis 29:1 then jacob leave his left and went to the land of the orientales.

Genesis 29:2 he saw a fish, and there there were a sheep of sheep. for there were three sheep who tried to dripe the sheep. the crowds was great on the mouth ' s mouth.

Genesis 29:3 when all the sheep were samled there, they rejoiced the staff from the mouth of the fish and drink the sheep and drink the crowds again at the mouth ' s mouth.

Genesis 29:4 then jacob said to them, " brothers, where are you ? " they replied, " we are from haran. "

Genesis 29:5 then he said to them, " know you laban, the son of nahor ? " they replied, " we know him. "

Genesis 29:6 then he said to them, " is it well with him ? " they replied, " well, and look, his daughter rachel comes with the sheep. "

Genesis 29:7 he said, " look, it is more day, it is not time to gather the sheep. drink the sheep and go and go. "

Genesis 29:8 but they replied, " we do not be able to give all the staves, so that all the lamb are made away from the mouth of the fish, so that we can drink the sheep. "

Genesis 29:9 while he was still speaking with them, rachel came with the sheep of his father, for she was passing them.

Genesis 29:10 when jacob saw rachel, his mother, the mother of his mother, and the women of laban, his mother, came up and afraid the mouth of the mouth of his mother and turned the lamb of his mother laban.

Genesis 29:11 then jacob kiss rachel and shouted the ground and ground.

Genesis 29:12 then jacob told rachel that he was the brother of her father and that he was the son of rebecca. then she went out and told him to his father.

Genesis 29:13 when laban heard the sign of laban, his mother, he followed him and gathered him, and brought him in his house, and brought him into his house. and he told laban all these things.

Genesis 29:14 so laban said to him, " you are my country and my blood ! " and he died with him a money money.

Genesis 29:15 then laban said to jacob, " if you are my brothers, do you serve me for nothing ? tell me what you will be your self-control ? "

Genesis 29:16 now laban had two daughters. the name of the little was lea, and the name of the little rachel.

Genesis 29:17 but leah had a little eyes, but rachel was honor and belonged to the face.

Genesis 29:18 so jacob had love rachel, and he said, " i will serve you seven years for your daughter rachel. "

Genesis 29:19 laban replied, " it is better to give her her than to give her to others. leave me with me. "

Genesis 29:20 so jacob served for rachel for seven years, and they were just like some days, because he wanted her.

Genesis 29:21 then jacob said to laban, " give my daughter, for my time is completed, so that i may go to her. "

Genesis 29:22 so laban assembled all the town of the place and made a fish.

Genesis 29:23 now at the next day he took his daughter leah and brought her to him, and he went to her.

Genesis 29:24 ( now laban gave his slavin zilpa for his daughter leah. )

Genesis 29:25 at the morning it saw that it was leah. then jacob said to laban, " what is this you have done with me ? did i not serve you for rachel ? why did you boast me ? "

Genesis 29:26 laban replied, " it is not in our place to give the elders before the elders.

Genesis 29:27 be fulfilled the seven years, and i will give you another, for you will give me the service you serve still seven years. "

Genesis 29:28 so jacob prayed and fulfilled this seventh. then laban gave him his daughter rachel to a woman.

Genesis 29:29 ( now laban gave his slaves bilha his slaves bilha. )

Genesis 29:30 so he went also to rachel, and he began to love raquel than leah, and he began to serve with him seven years.

Genesis 29:31 when the lord saw that leah was destroyed, he opened her meal, but rachel was near.

Genesis 29:32 leah conceived and became a son, and she gave him a son, because she said, " the lord has seen my humility, for now my husband will love me. "

Genesis 29:33 then she became again and conceived a son and said, " the lord has heard that i was afraid, and he has given me this man. " then she gave him simeon.

Genesis 29:34 then she conceived again and belongs a son and said, " now now my leaders will come to me, because i have been terrified to him three sons. " so she gave him levi.

Genesis 29:35 and she became again and conceived a son and said, " now i will pray the lord. " then she gave him his name judah. then she began to leave him.

Genesis 30:1 when raquel saw that she did not died children for jacob, she placed his wife and said to jacob, " give me children, but if i do not do, i am dead. "

Genesis 30:2 when jacob was distressed to rachel, he said, " are i in god ' s place, who has distressed you the fruit of the living ? "

Genesis 30:3 then she said, " look, there is my slaves bilha. come with her and i will rejoice over her, so that i may be children for her. "

Genesis 30:4 so she gave him his slaves bilha to a wife, and jacob went to her.

Genesis 30:5 bilha conceived and gave a son to jacob.

Genesis 30:6 then raquel said, " god has suffered me and has heard my voice and has given me a son. " so she gave him the name dan.

Genesis 30:7 and bilha, the slave woman of rachel, conceived again and gave him a second son to jacob.

Genesis 30:8 then raquel said, " i have mocked with my sister with my sister and have worked. " and she gave him nation naphtali.

Genesis 30:9 when leah saw that she was not going to eat, she took his slaves zilpa and given her to jacob as a daughter.

Genesis 30:10 and zilpa, the slave woman ' s slave woman, gave a son to jacob.

Genesis 30:11 then lea said, " listen to come ! " and she gave him a name gad.

Genesis 30:12 then zilpa, the slave woman of leah, gave a second son to jacob.

Genesis 30:13 then leah said, " i am blessed ! for the wife will blesse me blessed. " and she gave him the name aser.

Genesis 30:14 now ruben went in the time of lead and found mandragores of mandragores. he brought them to his wife leah and brought them to leah. then leah said to leah, " give me the country of your field. "

Genesis 30:15 but she replied, " is it not only that you have took my wife ? are you also toward my mandragores of my son ? " then rachel said, " in this way, she will be taken with you alone with the mandragores of your son. "

Genesis 30:16 when jacob came from the wilderness, lea went to him and said, " you must come to me, for i have looking you for the mandragores of my son. " so she got with her with her noon.

Genesis 30:17 then god heard leah, and she conceived and fealed to jacob the five son.

Genesis 30:18 then lea said, " god has given me a suffering, because i have given my slavin to my husband. " so she gave him the name issacar.

Genesis 30:19 and lea became again and shouted a son for jacob.

Genesis 30:20 then leah said, " god has given me a righteous gift. now my husband will live with me, because i have given him sexual immorality. " and she gave him a son.

Genesis 30:21 after this he parted a daughter and gave her a name dina.

Genesis 30:22 so god remembered rachel, and god heard her and opened haar country.

Genesis 30:23 she conceived and made a son. he said, " god has destroyed my smage. "

Genesis 30:24 then she called him joseph and said, " let the lord give me another son ! "

Genesis 30:25 when rachel had genered joseph, jacob said to laban, " let me send, so that i may go into my own load and my land.

Genesis 30:26 give me my children and my children i have serviced for you, so that i can go. you know my service that i have serviced you. "

Genesis 30:27 but laban said to him, " if i have found grace for you ! i have been controyed that the lord has blessed me for your sake. "

Genesis 30:28 then he said, " take your salaire to me, and i will give you it. "

Genesis 30:29 jacob said to him, " you know how i have serviced you and what your feet is servited with me.

Genesis 30:30 for it was immediately to have you come before me, but now it has been hardened. now the lord has blessed you on my own house. now how can i be hardened for my own house ? "

Genesis 30:31 laban said, " what do i give you ? " jacob replied, " do not give me nothing. if you give me what i do, i will do your sheep and bear your sheep.

Genesis 30:32 i will pass away sexual immorality among your sheep, and i will destroy from them all the lamb and bread and all the bringers among the sheep. it will be my salair.

Genesis 30:33 so my righteousness will testify to me as well, when you come to see my household for me. all the country who do not be bound or bread among the lamb, it will be free for me. "

Genesis 30:34 laban said, " good, let it be as you say. "

Genesis 30:35 the same day he prepared in the same day the lamb and the banquet, and all the banquet and whatever were bread, and all the sheep among them, and he gave them in the hands of his sons.

Genesis 30:36 then he put a distance of a journey among him and jacob, and jacob passed the rest of the rest of laban.

Genesis 30:37 then jacob took a ground of weighbors, platels, and platels, and healed them full of branches, so that the wild stopped that was in the ground.

Genesis 30:38 then he placed the staves that he had proclaimed the waves in the pigs, when the sheep were drinking to drink, and they began to drink when they came to drink.

Genesis 30:39 then the lamb gathered before the crowds, and the lamb became strives, picks, and pieces.

Genesis 30:40 so jacob skipped the lamb and gathered the lamb with all those who were neighbors and all the lamb in the greet of laban. so he stayed his own greetings and brought them not to the greet of laban.

Genesis 30:41 and when the slaves of the crowds were gathered, jacob placed the lamb in the eyes of the crowds before the crowds, so that they could show them by the sheep.

Genesis 30:42 but when the slaves were slaves, he did not please them. so the slaves were at laban, and the forts of jacob.

Genesis 30:43 so the man was rich rich, and he had many slaves, slaves, slaves, and slaves.

Genesis 31:1 but jacob heard the words of laban, saying, " jacob has taken all the things that were with our father. and from the rich that was with our father he has taken all this rich. "

Genesis 31:2 and jacob saw the face of laban, and look, he was not worthy as first.

Genesis 31:3 then the lord said to jacob, " get back to your father and your parents, and i will be with you. "

Genesis 31:4 so jacob sent out and called rachel and leah to the camp on his staff,

Genesis 31:5 and said to them, " i see the father of your father that he does not be like me, but the god of my father has been with me.

Genesis 31:6 you yourselves know that with all my power i have serviced your father.

Genesis 31:7 but your father has commanded me and has destroyed my sexual immorality. but god did not permit him to do me evil.

Genesis 31:8 when he said, ' the share will be your salare, ' all the sheep were your salare. ' then when he said, ' the slaves will be your salare ! ' and when he said, ' the slaves will be your salare ! ' and when he said, ' the beast will be your salare ! '

Genesis 31:9 so god has taken the book of your father and given it to me.

Genesis 31:10 at the time when the sheep gathered, i looked up and saw my eyes, and i saw the feet who were proclaimed with sheep and boucs.

Genesis 31:11 then the angel of god said to me in the droom, ' jacob ! ' and i said, ' här i am ! '

Genesis 31:12 then he said, ' see your eyes and see that all the boats who live on the boats are leated with greetings and boats, because i saw everything that laban has done to you.

Genesis 31:13 i am the god of betel, where you made a short covenant and where you recognized me. now go up and go out of this land and return to the land of your nation. ' "

Genesis 31:14 then rachel and lea answered him, " have we still been more or error in our father ' s house ?

Genesis 31:15 he did not betray him like fremmede ? for he has promised us and also saved our deeds.

Genesis 31:16 for all the rives god has taken away from our father is our and our children. now tell all the things god has said to you. "

Genesis 31:17 then jacob got up and sat his children and his women to the camels.

Genesis 31:18 and he took all his greetings and all his possessions that he had accepted, the bound that he had accomed, and went to his father isaac to the land of canaan.

Genesis 31:19 but laban went to strike his own sheep. then rachel stopped the idols of his father.

Genesis 31:20 and jacob spoke the greek from laban, the syrian, not told him that he was going to died.

Genesis 31:21 so he went away with all what he had. then he went up and prepared the flock and went to the month of gilead.

Genesis 31:22 at the third day laban told laban that jacob had escaped.

Genesis 31:23 then he took his brothers with him and gnade him seven days, and brought him on the money month of gilead.

Genesis 31:24 but god came to laban, the arameo, in a vision, and said to him, " guard yourself not to say with jacob to speak to jacob. "

Genesis 31:25 so laban divided jacob. laban had spent his tent on the mount of gilead, and laban and his brothers divided his feet on the monte of gilead.

Genesis 31:26 then laban said to jacob, " what did you want me ? you have commanded me and brought my daughters like captive captives ?

Genesis 31:27 why did you send friends and learned from me and did not say to me, so that i would send you with a joy and harp, with harp and harp ?

Genesis 31:28 you did not leave me to leave my children and my daughters ! you have practiced the neighbor.

Genesis 31:29 i have in my hand to give you anything, but the god of your father has said to me, ' save yourself not to speak with jacob. '

Genesis 31:30 now now you went back, because you were immediately turned to the house of your father, but why did you stone my god ? "

Genesis 31:31 then jacob answered laban, " i was better, for i intended that you could destroy your daughter from me.

Genesis 31:32 but whatever you have troyed your god, let not be found. in the presence of our brothers will you know what you have, and bring them away. " for jacob did not know that rachel had known them.

Genesis 31:33 so laban went into the tent of jacob and in the tent of leah and in the tent of two slaves, but did not find nothing. then he went out of the tent of leah and went into the tent of rachel.

Genesis 31:34 but raquel had took the idols and had them put into the tail of the kamels and sat them in. laban laid all the tent and had not found them.

Genesis 31:35 so she said to his father, " do not be afraid for you, my lord, because i am not able to come before you. " so she wanted, but found the idols.

Genesis 31:36 then jacob began to requestion with laban and said to laban, " what is my transgression ? what is my greatest, why are you persecuted me ?

Genesis 31:37 you have suffered all my things, what you have found from all your husbands ? leave her before my brothers and your brothers, so that they may judge each one of us.

Genesis 31:38 i have been with you food times. your sheep and your bodies have not been made, and i did not eat the sheep of your bread.

Genesis 31:39 i did not bring you back to you when the food was brought to you. i was proclaimed to me, but you was placed to me from my hand or what was calling in my hand.

Genesis 31:40 in my day i was being permitted, and in the number the nood, and my son treated from my eyes.

Genesis 31:41 i have worthy on your house in your house. i have serve you two years for your two daughters and seventh years for your deeds, and you have made my shepherd for your destroy.

Genesis 31:42 if the god of my father, the god of abraham and the friend of isaac, you would have been friends with me. god saw my hands and the true of my hands and the work of my hands. "

Genesis 31:43 so laban answered jacob and said to jacob, " my daughters are my daughter, and these children are my children, and everything you see is my dear. what should i do so for my children or to the children that you have done ?

Genesis 31:44 therefore let us come, i and you, and let it be a testimony among me and you. "

Genesis 31:45 so jacob took a stone and remained it as a stone.

Genesis 31:46 and jacob said to his brothers, " sake lapides. " then they took lapides and made a stone, and they began to eat there on the road.

Genesis 31:47 laban called it jegar-sahadutha, but jacob called it galedued.

Genesis 31:48 so laban said, " this stone is a testimony among me and you. " therefore it called it galeed,

Genesis 31:49 and mispa, because he said, " god must agree with me and you, when we are apart from one another.

Genesis 31:50 if you destroy my daughter and if you take others alone with my daughters, there is no one with you, but look, god is testified to me and you. "

Genesis 31:51 then laban said to jacob, " look, this money, and look, this money that i put up among me and you.

Genesis 31:52 this stear is testified, and this stone is testified, that i will not pass away to come to you, and that you will not come to me for this money and the country to come to me.

Genesis 31:53 the god of abraham and the god of nahor, the god of their father, be judged among us. " then jacob became judged through the sake of his father isaac.

Genesis 31:54 then jacob offered a sacrifice on the money home and invited his brothers to eat. and they eat bread and passed the nountry on the money.

Genesis 31:55 when laban was morning, laban got up and became his children and his daughter and bended them. then laban went back and went back to his place.

Genesis 32:1 when jacob was going to his way, the angels of god spoke him.

Genesis 32:2 when jacob saw them, he said, " this is the commanding god ! " and he called the place called mahanaim.

Genesis 32:3 so jacob sent presentes before him to his brother esau to the region of seir, to the region of edom.

Genesis 32:4 and he commanded them, saying, " tell my message to my lord esau : ' the slave of jacob says, ' i am looking with laban and became there until now.

Genesis 32:5 i have food, boves, slaves, slaves, and slaves. and i sent to send to my lord so that i may find grace for you. ' "

Genesis 32:6 then the sent returned to jacob and said, " we came to your brother esau, and he is going to enter you and a tetrarch with him. "

Genesis 32:7 then jacob was distressed and was distressed. he distributed the people who were with him, the sheep, the sheep, and the boats in two tax collectors.

Genesis 32:8 and said, " if esau comes on a least and cast it, the other left will escape. "

Genesis 32:9 then abraham said, " god of my father abraham and god of my father isaac, lord, who said to me, ' come back to your land and your father, and i will do you good ! '

Genesis 32:10 i am not worthy of all the faithfulness and all the faithfulness that you have done to your servants, for i have passed over this journey and now i have become two wounds.

Genesis 32:11 remain me from the hand of my brother, from the hand of esau, for i have recognized him, so that he may come and lives me with the children.

Genesis 32:12 you said, ' i will bear you well and make your descendants like the sea of the sea, which will not be numerous than the morning of the sea. ' "

Genesis 32:13 so he passed there the nountry, and from what he had in his hand he gave a gave to esau his brother.

Genesis 32:14 two caves and twenty-four thousand, two coats and labaatan months,

Genesis 32:15 seventy-four comets with their basters, quarty-four bodies and seventy-four bodies and 10 months.

Genesis 32:16 he gave them to his slaves, each one of them, and said to his slaves, " go away before me and depart a state among the staff. "

Genesis 32:17 then he asked the first, " when my brother esau sees you and asked you, ' who are you ? and where are you ? and where do you need ? '

Genesis 32:18 then you will say, ' this is your slave jacob. he has sent a gave to my lord esau, and he himself comes after us. ' "

Genesis 32:19 he also commanded the second, the second, and all the people who followed him, saying, " you will say to esau when you find him.

Genesis 32:20 and you will say, ' look, your slave jacob is coming to me. " for he said, ' i will fast him with his presence who come to me, and then i will see his presence. ' "

Genesis 32:21 so the presence went out to him, but he himself passed the noon in the country.

Genesis 32:22 so he got up that noon, took his two women, his two slaves, his elders and his twelve children, and went over the jabbok of jaboc.

Genesis 32:23 he took them and passed them over the arrogant, and he prepared all what he had.

Genesis 32:24 but jacob was left. when a man was born with him, he began to carry with him until the morning was.

Genesis 32:25 when he saw that he was not able to making him, he gathered the heart of his heart, and the country of the country of jacob, when he walked with him.

Genesis 32:26 so he said, " send me, for the lamb is left. " but he replied, " i will not send you until you see me. "

Genesis 32:27 so the man said to him, " what is your name ? " he replied, " jacob. "

Genesis 32:28 then he said, " your name will not be called jacob, but israel. "

Genesis 32:29 so jacob asked him, " tell me your name. " but he said, " why do you ask for my name ? " and he blessed him there.

Genesis 32:30 so jacob called the place of peniel peniel, because he said, " i have seen god regard to the face and my life has been saved. "

Genesis 32:31 so the son appeared to him when he was going to penuel, but he was hard for his hid.

Genesis 32:32 for this reason, for this day, the people of israel did not eat the stone that was in the stone, because he touched the heart of jacob on the field.

Genesis 33:1 when jacob regarded his eyes, he saw that esau came, and with him two men. then he distributed the children to leah, to rachel, and with the two slaves.

Genesis 33:2 he put the slaves and their children first, leah and her children first, and rachel and joseph first.

Genesis 33:3 now he went first before them and bured down to the earth seven times until he came to his brother.

Genesis 33:4 but esau gathered at him, weeping him, threw him in the hals and burned him, and they placed.

Genesis 33:5 when he saw the eyes and saw the children and the children, he said, " who are these children ? " he replied, " these are the children god have given your servants. "

Genesis 33:6 then the slaves came with their children and worshiped him.

Genesis 33:7 listen also lea and her children and prayed, and joseph and rachel approached and worked.

Genesis 33:8 then esau asked, " what is this that you have spoken with all these hearts ? " he replied, " to find peace in the presence of my lord. "

Genesis 33:9 but esau said, " i have many things, brother ; beach what you have ! "

Genesis 33:10 but jacob said, " do not ! if i have found your benefit in your presence, receive my gift from my hand. for i have seen your face, as i saw the face of god, and you have welcomed me.

Genesis 33:11 receive my benediction that i have brought to you, because god has been promised to me, and i have all things. " so he supported him and he took all.

Genesis 33:12 then esau said, " let ' s go and go out, and i will go before you. "

Genesis 33:13 but jacob said to him, " my lord know that the children are weak, and i have weak and bodies with me. if you put them away, all the crowds are dead.

Genesis 33:14 passt, my lord, must go before his slaves, and i will come, just as i have passed for my children and the children of the children, until i come to my lord in seir. "

Genesis 33:15 so esau said, " then i will leave with you some of the people who are with me. " but he replied, " why do this ? let me find grace for the lord ' s grace. "

Genesis 33:16 so esau returned back to his way to seir.

Genesis 33:17 but jacob went to succoth and built his house, and he became a house for his own book. so he called the place to the place of succoth.

Genesis 33:18 so jacob came back from padan-aram, when he came from padan-aram, when he came from padan-aram and stood before the city.

Genesis 33:19 and he worked the mark of the country where he had stayed his tention from the sons of hemor, the father of hamor.

Genesis 33:20 then he stayed there a altar and called it : " god, the god of israel ! "

Genesis 34:1 then dina, the daughter of leah, which she had given to jacob, went out to see the daughters of the land.

Genesis 34:2 when sikem, the son of hiveem, the high priest ' s high priest, took her and leated with her and leated with her.

Genesis 34:3 but his daughter was afraid of dina, the daughter of jacob, and he loved the daughter of the daughter.

Genesis 34:4 so sikem said to his father hemor, " take this mercy for me to eat. "

Genesis 34:5 when jacob heard that his daughter dinner his daughter, but his sons were with his feet in the wilderness, and jacob began to speak until they came.

Genesis 34:6 then hemor, the father of shekem, went out to jacob to speak with him.

Genesis 34:7 when the sons of jacob came from the wilderness, when they heard this, they were afraid and were indignant, because he had done what had done in israel when he had been filled with a daughter with the daughter of jacob, because he had not been filled.

Genesis 34:8 he said to them, " my son shekem has been given to your daughter for your daughter. give her her to give him a daughter.

Genesis 34:9 and be compared with us, give us your daughters and take our daughters with us.

Genesis 34:10 and live with us, and the land will be in your presence. live on it and work in it and work in it. "

Genesis 34:11 and sikem said to her father and to her brothers, " let i find grace for you, and what you say to me i will give.

Genesis 34:12 ask me the great widow and darkness, and i will give what you say to me, but give me the daughter for a widow. "

Genesis 34:13 but the sons of jacob responded to shechem and his father hamor, because he had distroyed their mother shekem.

Genesis 34:14 and said to them, " we do not want to do this man to give our wife to one who is circumcised, for it is a circumcision for us.

Genesis 34:15 only in this way we will bear you, if you are like me and that all of you will be circumcised among you.

Genesis 34:16 then we will give you our daughters and give our daughters for you, and we will live with you and become one people.

Genesis 34:17 but if you do not listen to us and do not circumcite, we will take our daughter and go away. "

Genesis 34:18 their words were good in hemor and to sichem, the son of hemor.

Genesis 34:19 the young man did not deceive to do this, because he had loved the daughter of jacob. he was the one who was honor in all the house of his father.

Genesis 34:20 also hamor and his son sichem came to the city of their city and speak to the people of their city and said,

Genesis 34:21 " these people are neighbors with us. let them go in the land and worship them, because the land is longer for them, and we will give their daughters for their daughters and give them their daughters for their daughters.

Genesis 34:22 but only these people will circumcise us and be circumcised with us, so that they may be circumcised, if all our husbands may be circumcised, just as they are circumcised.

Genesis 34:23 their statements and their bodies and all their bodies will not be on us ? only let ' s consider us and they will live with us. "

Genesis 34:24 so they obeyed him and his son sichem, all who followed the city of his city. and all the circumcised were circumcised, all who followed the city of his city.

Genesis 34:25 now the third day, when they were trying, two of the sons of jacob, simeon and levi, the brothers of dina, took his own sick and went into the city and married all the dead.

Genesis 34:26 they gathered hemor and his son sichem with a heart, and they took dina from the house of shechem and went out.

Genesis 34:27 then the sons of jacob came to the dead and placed the city, because they had distressed their sister.

Genesis 34:28 they took their sheep, their sheep, their bodies, and what was in the city and what was in the city, they took.

Genesis 34:29 they took all their masters and all their children and their children, and rolled all what was in the house.

Genesis 34:30 then jacob said to simeon and levi, " you have been afraid of me and made me immediately to the people of the regions, the cananeans and the ferezeus. now you are a little people against me, and they will be destructed, and i will be destructed me and my house. "

Genesis 34:31 but they replied, " would he had trained our sister as a prostitute ? "

Genesis 35:1 then god said to jacob, " get up and go to betel and live there, and make there a altar for god who appeared to you when you appeared to you when you appeared to your brother esau. "

Genesis 35:2 then jacob said to his family and to all who were with him, " teach the themselves of themselves, who are among you, and pursue your clothes.

Genesis 35:3 leave up and go to betel, and i will altar a altar to god who heard me in the day of my defense and was with me in the way i wanted. "

Genesis 35:4 then they gave them all the strong god ' s hands that were in their hands, and the orches that had in their ords, and jacob gropped them under the shepherd that was in sichem.

Genesis 35:5 then they went up. it was a terror of god over the towns that were throughout them, and they did not persecute the sons of jacob.

Genesis 35:6 so jacob came to luz, who is in the land of canaan, ( this is betel ), himself and all the people with him.

Genesis 35:7 and he built there a altar and called the place to the place of betel, because god had been revealed to him when he appeared from his brother.

Genesis 35:8 then debora, the devil of rebecca, morned down and entered betel by the beast. then the name called allon-bacal.

Genesis 35:9 so god appeared to jacob when he appeared from mesopotamia and blessed him.

Genesis 35:10 and god said to him, " your name is jacob, but you will not be called jacob, but your name will be israel. " and he gave him the name israel.

Genesis 35:11 then god said to him, " i am the god, the all-powerful ! fruit and please, and a nation of nations will become from you, and king will come out of your hearts.

Genesis 35:12 and the land i gave to abraham and isaac i will give you, and to your descendants after you i will give the land. "

Genesis 35:13 then god went up from him in the place where he had spoken with him.

Genesis 35:14 then jacob stopped a stone on the place where he had spoken with him, a stone in the place that he had spoken with him, and he wiped it on it.

Genesis 35:15 and jacob called the place where god had spoken with him, betel.

Genesis 35:16 then they left bethel and came to ephrath. when rahely came to efrath, rahelet came, and she was distressed.

Genesis 35:17 as she was distressed in her parents, the parents said to her, " do not be afraid, for you have also a son. "

Genesis 35:18 now when the woman was going to live, because she was going to live, she called him benoni, but his father called him benjamin.

Genesis 35:19 so rachel morned and was sepulted at the way of ephrath ( which is bethlehem ).

Genesis 35:20 and jacob put a stone over her ground. it is the stone of the ground of rachel until now.

Genesis 35:21 then israel left, and raised his tent on the other side of eder.

Genesis 35:22 now when israel habited in this region, ruben went and leated with bilha, his father ' s father. and israel heard this. the sons of jacob were twelve.

Genesis 35:23 the sons of leah : ruben, the priest of jacob, and simeon, levi, juda, issachar, and zebulon.

Genesis 35:24 the sons of rachel : joseph and benjamin.

Genesis 35:25 the sons of bilha, rakel of rachel, were dan and naphtali.

Genesis 35:26 and the servants of zilpa, servant of zilpa, were gad and aser. these were the sons of jacob who named him in mesopotamia.

Genesis 35:27 then jacob came to his father isaac to mamre, to kiriath-arba, which is hebron, where abraham and isaac had come.

Genesis 35:28 and the days of isaac was a hundred years.

Genesis 35:29 when isaac was died, he entered and entered his people, started and stayed to his people, and his sons esau and jacob entered him.

Genesis 36:1 now these are the generous of esau ( which is edom ).

Genesis 36:2 esau took his chels from the high priest : ada, the daughter of elon the heveon, and oholibama, the daughter of hibeon, the wife of hibeon,

Genesis 36:3 and basmath, the daughter of ismael, sester of nebajoth.

Genesis 36:4 ada synnycted elifah elifaz, and basmath enfanted reuel.

Genesis 36:5 and oholibama enfanted jeush, jaelam, and korah. these sind the sons of esau, who gented him in the land of canaan.

Genesis 36:6 then esau took his women, his children, his sons, and all his husband, and all his household, and all his household that he had prepared in the land of canaan, and went to the other land for jacob his brother jacob.

Genesis 36:7 for their possessions were great, so that they could not live together. the land where they were suffering, he could not suffer them because they were suffering with their possessions.

Genesis 36:8 so esau bowed in the months of seir. esau is edom.

Genesis 36:9 this is the family of esau, the father of edom, in the month of seïr.

Genesis 36:10 these are the name of the name of esau : elifaz, son of ada, the wife of esau, reuel, the son of basmath, wife of esau.

Genesis 36:11 and the sons of eliphaz were : teman, omar, zefo, gatam, and kenaz.

Genesis 36:12 timna was the concubina of eliphaz, the son of eliphaz, and she belongs to eliphaz amalec. these are the sons of ada, the wife of esau.

Genesis 36:13 and these are the sons of reuel : nahat, zerah, shammah and mizza. these waren the sons of basmath, vrou of esau.

Genesis 36:14 and these were the children of oholibama, wife of zibeon, the wife of esau, who belongs to esau : jeush, jalam, and korah.

Genesis 36:15 these sind the familiets of the eliphas. the famile of eliphaz, the prince of esau : the prince teman, the prince omar, the prince zefo,

Genesis 36:16 the prince korah, the prince gatam, the prince amalek. these waren the princes of eliphaz in the land of edom, these sind the sons of ada.

Genesis 36:17 and these sind the sons of rehuel, son of esau : the prince nahat, the prince zerah, the dust shammah, the dust miza. these sind the familiets of reuel, the famille of esau.

Genesis 36:18 and these sind the dustres of oholibama, the hustru of oholibama : the prince jeush, the prince jalam, the prince of korah.

Genesis 36:19 these are the sons of esau, who is edom, and these were their family.

Genesis 36:20 these are the sons of seir, the hour, who habitated in the land : lotan, shobal, zibeon, ana,

Genesis 36:21 dison, eser, and disan. these waren the familiets of horites, the famile of edom, in the land of edom.

Genesis 36:22 the sons of lotan were hori and hemam, and the sister of lotans was timna.

Genesis 36:23 these sunt the sons of sobal : alvan, manahath, ebal, sefo, and onam.

Genesis 36:24 these are the sons of zibeon : aja and ana. this is the anger who found the wilderness in the wilderness when he troyed the wilderness of his father zibeon.

Genesis 36:25 and these are the children of ana : dison and oholibama, the daughter of ana.

Genesis 36:26 and these sind the sons of dishon : hemdan, esban, jitran, and cheran.

Genesis 36:27 these sind the sons of eser : bilhan, zaavan, akan and akan.

Genesis 36:28 these sind the sons of disan : uts and aran.

Genesis 36:29 these sind the princes of the horites : the prince lotan, the prince shobal, the prince zibeon, the dust ana,

Genesis 36:30 the prince dison, the prince etser, the prince disan. these waren the princes of the horites, in the land of the horites.

Genesis 36:31 now this are the ancestors who regated in the land of edom before the son of israel.

Genesis 36:32 bela, the son of beor, regated in edom, and the name of his city was dinhaba.

Genesis 36:33 when bela fing, jobab, the son of zerah, from bosra, regated in his place.

Genesis 36:34 when jobab merted, husam, the region of the temanithans, regated in his land.

Genesis 36:35 when husam mougged, hadad, the son of bedad, who regated the midians in the wilderness of moab. his city was avit.

Genesis 36:36 when hadad regated, the man of masreca was recognited in his place.

Genesis 36:37 when samla morned, saul of rehoboth, who was in the rook, regated over him.

Genesis 36:38 when saul mouted, baal-hanan, the son of achbor, regated in his place.

Genesis 36:39 when baal-hanan, the son of achbor, morned in his place. the city of his city was hadar, and the name of his wife was mehetabel, the son of matred, the son of matred.

Genesis 36:40 this is the name of the familiets of esau, according to their familiements, with their name : the prince of timna, the prince alva, the famile jetheth,

Genesis 36:41 the prince oholibama, the prince ela, the prince pinon,

Genesis 36:42 the prince kenaz, the prince teman, the prince mibsar,

Genesis 36:43 the dust magdiel, the dust iram. these are the famile of edom, in the possessions in their possessions. this is the father of edom.

Genesis 37:1 but jacob died in the land where his father had been peregried, in the land of canaan.

Genesis 37:2 this is the family of jacob. when joseph was about twelve years, he passed with the women with his mother, and he was with the women of zilpa and zilpa, the wife of his father.

Genesis 37:3 now israel had amazed joseph than all his sons, because he was the son of his younger son, and he made a tunic country to him.

Genesis 37:4 when his brothers saw that their father hated him more than all his brothers, they aborried him and were not able to speak with him.

Genesis 37:5 now joseph saw a drøm and told him to his brothers, and they began to happen him more.

Genesis 37:6 he said to them, " listen to this son i have shown.

Genesis 37:7 we became little cloaks in the mark, and my country stood up and stood up, and your cloaks stood up and worked up to my cloak. "

Genesis 37:8 then his brothers said to him, " do you want us to dominate over us ? or do you happen to happen him because of his drøms and because of his sny.

Genesis 37:9 then he saw another son and declared it to his brothers. he said to them, " i have seen another son, and look, the sun and the elders and unclean country worshiped me. "

Genesis 37:10 when he recognized his father and his brothers, his father spoke to him and said to him, " what is this son that you have calling ? are you and your mother and your brothers to worship you on earth ? "

Genesis 37:11 so his brothers were afraid to him, but his father gathered the minds in this way.

Genesis 37:12 now his brothers went to passed the sheep of their father in sigem.

Genesis 37:13 so israel said to joseph, " your brothers do not send the sheep in sichem ? come, i will send you to them. " he replied, " i am. "

Genesis 37:14 so israel said to him, " go and see what your brothers and brothers are well, and bring me well. " so he sent him from the heart of hebron and came to shevons.

Genesis 37:15 now a man found him in the wilderness, and the man asked him, " what do you ask ? "

Genesis 37:16 he replied, " i ask my brothers. tell me where they passt ? "

Genesis 37:17 the man said, " they went away from this man, for i heard them say, ' let us go to dotan. " so joseph went to his brothers and found them in dotan.

Genesis 37:18 when they saw him from a dear way, before he had come to them, they began to thank him to mast him.

Genesis 37:19 they said to one another, " there comes the songer !

Genesis 37:20 now come and throw him into a tomb and throw him into one of the country, and we will say, ' a wilderness has healed him ! then we will see what will be of his son. "

Genesis 37:21 when ruben heard this, he escaped him from their hands and said, " let us not take him away ! "

Genesis 37:22 and ruben said to them, " do not lift blood, but throw him into this robe that is in the wilderness, but do not repay him on his hand, so that he could remove him from his father and give him back to his father.

Genesis 37:23 when joseph came to his brothers, they burned the tunic from him, the tune root that he had on him,

Genesis 37:24 then they took him and put him into the rock. but the rov was bound, there had no water.

Genesis 37:25 then they sat down to eat country. when they saw their eyes, they saw a ismaelita who came from galaad, and their aromatic crowds were immediately with aromate and balso, and they followed them to go into egypt.

Genesis 37:26 then judas said to his brothers and sisters, " what is it that we have killed our brother and turn his blood ?

Genesis 37:27 come and give him to the ismaelians, and let not be hand on him, because he is our brother and our hand. " and his brothers obeyed him.

Genesis 37:28 when the countryside of the midianites went out, they brought joseph out of the country and promised joseph to the silver country for two silver country, and they brought joseph to egypt.

Genesis 37:29 when ruben returned to the road, he saw that joseph was not in the ground. then he drew his clothes.

Genesis 37:30 he went back to his brothers and said, " the child is not ! what should i do ? "

Genesis 37:31 so they took the cloak of joseph and bought a cup, and they poured the tunic in the blood.

Genesis 37:32 then they sent the shepherd clothes and brought it to their father, saying, " this we have found. undercome if it is the son of your son or not ? "

Genesis 37:33 then he recognized him and said, " it is the close of my son ! a wilderness has divided him ! joseph has been crucified ! "

Genesis 37:34 then jacob sønderrev his cloaks, laid sack on his cloaks, and watched his son many days.

Genesis 37:35 all his sons and all his daughter came to come to him, but he was not able to think him, but he said, " i will come down to think to my son into the ground. " so his father went down to him.

Genesis 37:36 now the midianitians soldied him in egypt to potiphar, a eunucher of pharaoh, a commanding officer of the guards.

