Genesis 1:1 in the beginning god created heaven and earth.

Genesis 1:2 the earth was blameless, and darkness was over the abyss, and the spirit of god was brought on the water.

Genesis 1:3 and god said, " let light be ! " and there was light.

Genesis 1:4 and god saw that the light was good. and god skilled the light from darkness.

Genesis 1:5 god called the light for day, and the darkness called night. ) and there was after, and there was morning : day first.

Genesis 1:6 then god said, " let a strengthening be in the middle of the water, so that it will destroy water and water. "

Genesis 1:7 so god made the firmament and skilled the water that was under the strengthening from the water that is on the firmament. so was it.

Genesis 1:8 god called the firmament heaven. it was evening, and there was morning : it was the second day.

Genesis 1:9 then god said, " let the water that are under heaven gather into one place, so that the drow may appear. " and it happened.

Genesis 1:10 and god called the withered land, and the creature of the waters called sea. and god saw that it was good.

Genesis 1:11 then god said, " let the earth produce grain, grass that produces seed, fruit that produces fruit on it according to his speech on the earth. " and it was so.

Genesis 1:12 and the earth produced produce grass, grass seed seed according to his speech, fruit that produced fruit on it according to his speech. god saw that it was good.

Genesis 1:13 so evening, and there was morning, day third.

Genesis 1:14 then god said, " let light be in the firmament of heaven to destroy the day from the night, so that they may be signs, tembers, days, and years.

Genesis 1:15 they will be the light in the firmament of heaven to appear on earth. " and it was so.

Genesis 1:16 then god made the two great straighles : the great light to reign on the day, and the little stone to dominary the night, and the stars.

Genesis 1:17 then god made them in the firmness of heaven to appearing on the earth,

Genesis 1:18 to governor on the day and on the night and to skille the light from darkness. and god saw that it was good.

Genesis 1:19 so evening, and there was morning, the fourth day.

Genesis 1:20 then god said, " let the water gather up living animals and wild birds flying on the earth according to the strength of heaven. "

Genesis 1:21 and god made the great plagues and every living animal animal animals that produced the water according to their speech, and every reptil fugl according to their speech. and god saw that it was good.

Genesis 1:22 and god blessed them, saying, " be grow and multiply, and full the water in the sea, and the birds will multiply on the earth. "

Genesis 1:23 so evening, and there was morning, day fifth.

Genesis 1:24 then god said, " let the earth bring living creatures according to their specie, animals, reptiles, and wild animals, according to their specie. " and it was so.

Genesis 1:25 god made the wild animals of the earth according to their spece, the beast according to his especie, and all the reptiles of the earth according to their speech. and god saw that it was good.

Genesis 1:26 then god said, " let us make a person according to our image, according to our image, and let them reign over the fish of the sea, over the birds, over the beast, and over all the earth, and over all the reptiles who moats on the earth. "

Genesis 1:27 god made the person according to the image of god, by god ' s image made him. he made them man and female.

Genesis 1:28 god blessed them, saying, " grow up and multiply and fulfill the earth, and reign it, and reign over the fish of the sea, over the wild birds, over the wild animals, over all the earth, and over all the birds plaiping up on the earth. "

Genesis 1:29 then god said, " look, i have given you every ground seed that is on the head of the earth, and every tree that has fruit of seed. it will be your food.

Genesis 1:30 to all the wild animals of the earth, to all the birds in the sky and to all reptiles who lives on the earth, in which he has a life - i will give all the green grass as food. " and it was so.

Genesis 1:31 god saw everything he had done, and he was greatly good. this became evening, and there was morning : day sixth.

Genesis 2:1 so then the heavens and the earth and their entire world were completed.

Genesis 2:2 then god finished on the sixth day his work he had done, and on the seventh day he required from all his work he had done.

Genesis 2:3 and god blessed the seventh day and sanctified it, because on it he required from all his work that god had completed to do.

Genesis 2:4 this is the scroll of heaven and earth when it happened, when the lord god created heaven and earth,

Genesis 2:5 all the fields of the field was before it was on the earth and all the field from the field, for the lord god did not break the ground on the earth, and there was no one to work the earth.

Genesis 2:6 but a fonter went up from the earth and eaged all the face of the earth.

Genesis 2:7 so the lord god formed the man from the stof from the earth and breathed the sound of life in his face, and the man became a living life.

Genesis 2:8 then the lord god planted a paradise in eden, on the east, and put the man there, whom he had formed.

Genesis 2:9 then the lord god revealed from the earth every tree full of visions and good for food, and the tree of life in the middle of the paradise, and the tree of knowledge of good and evil.

Genesis 2:10 a river came from eden to water the paradise, and from there he was separed to four rulers.

Genesis 2:11 the first name is pison. this is the one who roads the whole region of havila, where the gold is.

Genesis 2:12 the gold of that land is good. there is the bdellix and the cripal stone.

Genesis 2:13 the second river ' s name is gihon. it is the one who rode the whole region of cush.

Genesis 2:14 the third river is hiddekel. it is the one who is on the east of assur. the fourth river is eufrath.

Genesis 2:15 then god god took the man and put him in the paradise of eden to work and guard him.

Genesis 2:16 then the lord god commanded the man, saying, " you will eat every tree in the paradise,

Genesis 2:17 but from the tree of knowledge of good and evil you should not eat from it, for on the day you eat from it you will be put to death. "

Genesis 2:18 then the lord god said, " it is not right to the man to only, i will make him a help like him. "

Genesis 2:19 so the lord god formed out of the earth all the wild birds and all the birds of the sky and brought them to the man to see what he would call them. and every living life to adam was his name.

Genesis 2:20 and adam named all the beast, wild birds, and all the wild birds, but to the people he found no help like him.

Genesis 2:21 then the lord god placed a suffering on adam, and he suffered. then he took one of his women and filled with flesh in his place.

Genesis 2:22 then the lord god gave the side that he had taken from the man to be a woman, and brought her to the man.

Genesis 2:23 then adam said, " this is now a beast from my bears and flesh from my flesh. she will be called a woman, because she has been taken up from man. "

Genesis 2:24 for this reason a man will leave his father and mother and will fast to his wife, and they will become one flesh.

Genesis 2:25 so the two were naked, adam and his wife, but they were not ashamed.

Genesis 3:1 now the serpent was greater than all the animals on the earth that the lord god had done. then she said to the woman, " then why did god say, ' you should not eat from every tree in the paradise ? "

Genesis 3:2 the woman replied to the serpent, " we will eat from the fruit of the trees in the paradise,

Genesis 3:3 but from the fruit of the tree that is in the middle of the paradise, god said, ' do not eat from it or touch it so that you will not die. ' "

Genesis 3:4 the serpent said to the woman, " you will not be put to death.

Genesis 3:5 but god knows that on the day you eat from it, your eyes will be opened, and you will be like god, knowing both good and evil. "

Genesis 3:6 the woman saw that the tree was good for food and that it was pleasing to see and pleasing to understand. she took his fruit and ate and gave it to her husband with her, and he ate.

Genesis 3:7 then the eyes of the two were opened, and they recognized that they were naked. they gathered the figs of fig tree and made clothing.

Genesis 3:8 and they heard the voice of the lord god walking in the paradise at the morning, and adam and his wife destroyed from the presence of the lord god among the trees of the paradise.

Genesis 3:9 then god god called adam and said to him, " where are you ? "

Genesis 3:10 he replied, " i heard your voice in the paradise, and i was afraid because i was naked, and i skjuled him. "

Genesis 3:11 but he asked, " who told you that you were naked ? have you eaten from the tree i commanded you to eat ? "

Genesis 3:12 and the man said, " the woman you gave with me, she gave me from the tree, and i ate. "

Genesis 3:13 then the lord god said to the woman, " what did you do this ? " the woman replied, " the serpent suffered me, and i ate. "

Genesis 3:14 then the lord god said to the serpent, " because you have done this, you will be cursed among all the animals and all the wild animals. you will go in your womb and eat food as long as you live.

Genesis 3:15 i will make a enemie among you and the woman, and from your descendants and her descendants. he will tear you the head, and you will strike him. "

Genesis 3:16 to the woman he said, " i will multiply your suffering and your suffering ; with suffering you will give children, and your rebellion will come to your husband, and he will dominy over you. "

Genesis 3:17 and to adam he said, " because you heard the voice of your wife and ate from the tree that i commanded you not to eat from it, let the earth be cursed by your work ; with suffering you will eat it always as long as you live.

Genesis 3:18 thorns and picks will be produced to you, and you will eat the grass of the field.

Genesis 3:19 in the sound of your face you will eat your bread until you return into the land, for from which you were taken, for you are a ground, and you will turn into the stof. "

Genesis 3:20 and adam called his wife named eva, because she was mother of all the living.

Genesis 3:21 then the lord god made clothing to adam and his wife and dressed them.

Genesis 3:22 then the lord god said, " look, the man has become like one of us to know what is good and evil. so then, if he does not extend his hand and take from the tree of life and eat and live forever. "

Genesis 3:23 so the lord god sent him from the paradise of eden to work the land from which he was taken.

Genesis 3:24 so he destroyed the man, and placed in the east of eden the cherubs and the flamme of the flamhed flamed out, to guard the way to the tree of life.

Genesis 4:1 now adam knew his wife eva, and she became wignant and became birth to cain and said, " i have fathered a man by the lord. "

Genesis 4:2 then she gave birth to his brother abel. abel became a shepherd of sheep, but cain was a worker of the earth.

Genesis 4:3 after some days cain brought sacrifice to the lord from the fruit of the earth.

Genesis 4:4 and abel offered his sheep from the firstborn of his sheep and their flesh. and the lord looked at abel and his gift,

Genesis 4:5 but he did not recognize cain and his sacrifice. cain became greatly distressed and his face fell to him.

Genesis 4:6 then the lord said to cain, " why have you become distressed ? why are your face thrown ?

Genesis 4:7 if you acknowledge what is right, if you do not destroy him, you have committed sin. remain require to you, and you will reject him. "

Genesis 4:8 then cain said to his brother abel, " let us go into the field. " now while they were on the field, cain stood up to his brother abel and killed him.

Genesis 4:9 then god said to cain, " where is your brother abel ? " he replied, " i don ' t know. i am the guard of my brother ? "

Genesis 4:10 then god said, " what did you done ? the voice of the blood of your brother calls out to me from the earth.

Genesis 4:11 and now you will be cursed from the earth that has made her mouth to receive the blood of your brother from your hand.

Genesis 4:12 when you work the earth, it will not give you her strength again. you will be suffering and fearing on the earth. "

Genesis 4:13 cain said to the lord, " my devotion is greater than i reject.

Genesis 4:14 look, you will drive me out of the earth, and i will be secreed from your presence, and i will be a suffering and a suffering on the earth, and everyone who finds me will kill me. "

Genesis 4:15 but the lord said to him, " therefore, whoever kills cain will be punishing seven times. " so the lord made a sign to cain, so that no one who found him would not kill him.

Genesis 4:16 so cain went out from the presence of the lord and remained in the land of nod, ahead of eden.

Genesis 4:17 cain knew his wife, and she became shepherd and gave the father of henoch. he built a town and called the city in the name of his son henoch.

Genesis 4:18 to enoc was irad, irad the father of mehujael, mehujael the father of metusael, metusael the father of lamech.

Genesis 4:19 lamech took two wives : the name of the one was ada, and the name of the other was zilla.

Genesis 4:20 ada gave the son of jabel. he was the father of those who live in tents and shepherd.

Genesis 4:21 his brother ' s name was jubal. he was the one who showed harp and harp.

Genesis 4:22 silla also was the father of tubal. she was a seering of bronze and iron. the sister of tubal ' s sister was naama.

Genesis 4:23 then lamech said to his women, " ada and silla, listen to my voice ! you women of lamech, listen to my words ! i have killed a man for my struck, a young man for my strick.

Genesis 4:24 " for cain will be restored seven times, but lamech seven times seven times. "

Genesis 4:25 and adam realized his wife, and she gave birth to a son, whom she named seth ( because she said, " god has raised me another descendant for abel, whom cain has killed. "

Genesis 4:26 and to seth he became a son, whom he named enos. then they were trying to call on the name of the lord.

Genesis 5:1 this is the letter of the generations of adam. when god made the man, he made him by god ' s image.

Genesis 5:2 he made them men and female and blessed them, and he called them adam on the day they were created.

Genesis 5:3 when adam was about thirty and thirty years, he became the father according to his image, according to his image, and he named him seth.

Genesis 5:4 after the women of set, adam was fifty years ( 800 years ), and he became sons and daughters.

Genesis 5:5 so all the days of adam who he leved were nive hundred thirty years, then he died.

Genesis 5:6 when seth was about two hundred years he became the father of enos.

Genesis 5:7 after the father of enos, set leafed withunty-seven years and became sons and daughters.

Genesis 5:8 so all the days of seth were nive hundred twelve years, and he died.

Genesis 5:9 when enah was night years, he became the father of cainan.

Genesis 5:10 after the father of cainan, enos became five hundred and four years and became sons and daughters.

Genesis 5:11 so he became nive hundred and five years, then he died.

Genesis 5:12 when cainan was seventy-years, he became the father of mahalalel.

Genesis 5:13 after the women of mahalalel, cainan leved withunty and forty-fourty years and he became sons and daughters.

Genesis 5:14 so he became nive hundred and ten years, then he died.

Genesis 5:15 when mahalalel had been seventy-five years, he became the father of jared.

Genesis 5:16 after the women of jared, mahalalel leved withunty and thirty years and had sons and daughters.

Genesis 5:17 so he became fighty hundred and foventy-five years, then he died.

Genesis 5:18 when jared was 162 years he became the father of enoh.

Genesis 5:19 after the women of henoch, jared became five hundred years and became sons and daughters.

Genesis 5:20 so he became nive hundred seventy-two years, then he died.

Genesis 5:21 when henoch was about seventy-five years he became the father of methusalah.

Genesis 5:22 after the father of methusalah, hanoch went with god for two hundred years and became sons and daughters.

Genesis 5:23 so he was two hundred seventy-five years.

Genesis 5:24 and henoch went with god, and he was not found, because god had brought him.

Genesis 5:25 when methusalah was 167 years he became the father of lamech.

Genesis 5:26 after the women of lamech, methusalah became forty hundred and forty-two years and became sons and daughters.

Genesis 5:27 so all the days of methusalah were nive hundred seventy-nine ( 969 ) years, then he died.

Genesis 5:28 when lamech had been foventy-eight years, he became birth.

Genesis 5:29 and he named him noah, saying, " this is the one who will require us from our work and for the sadness of our hands on the land that the lord praise. "

Genesis 5:30 after the women of noah, lamech became five hundred seventy-five years and had sons and daughters.

Genesis 5:31 so all the days of lamech were five hundred fifty and three years, then he died.

Genesis 5:32 when noah was five hundred years, he became the son of sem, cham and japheth.

Genesis 6:1 when people began to be great on the earth, and they were born daughters,

Genesis 6:2 when the sons of god saw the daughters of men were good, they took their wives from everything they had chosen.

Genesis 6:3 then the lord said, " my spirit will never remove in these men for ever, because he is flesh. so his days will be hundred and twenty-years. "

Genesis 6:4 in those days the held were on the earth, and after that time, when the sons of god went in to the daughters of people, and they became children to them. these were the powerful people who were from long ago.

Genesis 6:5 when the lord saw that human evil will be great on the earth and that all the thoughts of mind in his heart were all evil always.

Genesis 6:6 so the lord was encouraged that he had made a human creation on the earth, and he was distressed.

Genesis 6:7 then the lord said, " i will destroy from the face of the earth the person i have made, both people and food, reptiles, and wild birds, because i have encouraged that i have made them. "

Genesis 6:8 but noah found thanks in the eyes of the lord.

Genesis 6:9 this is the generations of noah. noah was a righteous, perfect and perfect in his generation. noah wanted with god.

Genesis 6:10 and noah became three sons : sem, cham, and japhet.

Genesis 6:11 but the earth was revealed before god, and the earth was filled with violence.

Genesis 6:12 and god saw the earth, and look, it was destroyed, because every human being destroyed his way on the earth.

Genesis 6:13 then god said to noah, " the time of every human time has come before me, because the earth is filled with violence from them. so i will destroy them and the earth.

Genesis 6:14 make a ark of gofer tree ; make plagues in the ark and call it in bear from inside and outside.

Genesis 6:15 you must make the ark : the length of the ark will be four hundred whations, a breadth of fifty, and its high high will be thirty.

Genesis 6:16 you will make gathering in the ark, and in a year you will find it from above. the door of the ark must make in the side of the ark. make it something and third.

Genesis 6:17 " now i will bring the flood of water to the earth to destroy every body in which is living spirit under heaven. whatever is on the earth will be put to death.

Genesis 6:18 but i will make my covenant with you, and you will enter the ark, you and your sons, your wife, and the women of your sons with you.

Genesis 6:19 and from all the flesh, from all the flesh, will bring two of all into the ark to live with you. they will be male and female.

Genesis 6:20 from the birds according to their specie, from the beast according to their specie, and from every cross according to their specie, will come to you two of all, to live with you.

Genesis 6:21 and you take all the food that eat and gather it for yourself, so that it will be for you and for them to eat. "

Genesis 6:22 so noe did everything. he did just as god had commanded him.

Genesis 7:1 then the lord said to noah, " enter into the ark you and your entire household, for i have seen you right before me in this generation.

Genesis 7:2 from all the clean animals bring with you seven, macho and female, but from the beast that are not pure, two, manners and female.

Genesis 7:3 and from the birds in the sky seven, manners and female, to bear children over all the earth.

Genesis 7:4 for after seven days i will bring rain on the earth for firty days and firty nights, and i will destroy from the face of the earth all the resurrection i have done. "

Genesis 7:5 so noe did everything that the lord had commanded him.

Genesis 7:6 noe was five hundred years when the flood of water was on the earth. )

Genesis 7:7 so noah and his sons, his wife, and the wife of his sons with him into the ark because of the waters of the flood.

Genesis 7:8 from unclean animals, from the beast that are not pure, from the birds, and from the birds that are revealed on the earth,

Genesis 7:9 two men went to noah into the ark, a man and a wife, just as god had commanded noah.

Genesis 7:10 after the seven days the waters of the flood came on the earth.

Genesis 7:11 on the seventh years of noah ' s life, on the second day, on the seventyème day of the month, on that day all the fonts of the abyss were breken and the rours of heaven were opened.

Genesis 7:12 there was rain on the earth for firty days and firty night.

Genesis 7:13 at that day noah, sem, cham, and jafet, the sons of noah, and the wife of noah, and the three women of his sons with them into the ark.

Genesis 7:14 all the beast according to their especes, all the beast according to their especies, all reptiles that move up on the earth, according to their especies, every birds according to his especie, every birds according to his especie,

Genesis 7:15 so they went to noah into the ark two and two from every body in which there was a spirit of life.

Genesis 7:16 and what came in, a man and a wife from every flesh, as god had commanded to noah. and the lord chosen the ark outside him.

Genesis 7:17 the flood came firty days on the earth, and the water increased and took up the ark, and it was exalted from the earth.

Genesis 7:18 the water were greatly greatly greatly in the earth, and the ark was brought over the water.

Genesis 7:19 the water was greatly greatly started on the earth, so that all the high mountains that were under the earth were opened.

Genesis 7:20 the water was about fifty years along, and the high mountains opened.

Genesis 7:21 then every human body that lived on the earth died, the birds, the beast, the wild animals, all the reptiles that grow on the earth, and all human people.

Genesis 7:22 all that had a life of life and everything that was on the sea, he died.

Genesis 7:23 so the people, the feet, the reptiles, and the birds, and the birds, and the birds, and the birds. they were taken out from the earth. only noe and those who were with him in the ark were left.

Genesis 7:24 the water was exalted over the earth for hundred and fifty days.

Genesis 8:1 then god remembered noah, all the animals, all the animals, and all the birds that were with him in the ark. then god gave a wind over the earth, and the water died.

Genesis 8:2 the springs of the abyss and the rocks of heaven were revealed, and the rain from heaven was destroyed.

Genesis 8:3 the water began to go away from the ground, and after about fifty and fifty days the water died.

Genesis 8:4 in the seventh month, on the venty-seventh day of the month, there was on the mountains of ararat.

Genesis 8:5 the water went away and continued until the sixth month. on the elf month, on the first day of the month, the household of the mountains appeared.

Genesis 8:6 after firty days, noah opened the vendow of the ark that he had made,

Genesis 8:7 and he sent a girl, who went out and returned until the water was secised from the ground.

Genesis 8:8 so he sent a colombe after him to see if the water had completed from the face of the earth.

Genesis 8:9 but the dove did not find a rest for her feet, and returned to him into the ark, because water was on the face of the whole earth. so he extended his hand and took it and brought her into the ark.

Genesis 8:10 after he stayed there seven days, he sent another colombe out of the ark.

Genesis 8:11 when the duif returned to him at the evening, he saw that a clock of olives had in its mouth. so noah realized that the water had stopped from the ground.

Genesis 8:12 after he stayed again seven days, he sent the dove again, but he did not torn back to him again.

Genesis 8:13 on the sixth and first year of noah, on the first month, on the first day of the month, the water destroyed from the earth. then noah revealed the roof of the ark and saw that the water was break from the face of the earth.

Genesis 8:14 on the second month, on the venty-seventh day of the month, the earth was torned.

Genesis 8:15 then god said to noah,

Genesis 8:16 " go out of the ark, you and your wife, your sons and your sons ' children with you.

Genesis 8:17 bring out all the animals that are with you, wild birds, feet, and all reptiles that move on the ground, bring out with you, so that they will be grow and multiply on the earth. "

Genesis 8:18 so noe went out with his sons, his wife, his sons, and the women of his sons with him.

Genesis 8:19 all the animals, all the birds, all the birds, all the reptiles that move on the earth, according to their familles, went out of the ark.

Genesis 8:20 then noah built a altar to the lord. he took from all the clean animals and from all the clean birds and offered offerings on the altar.

Genesis 8:21 when the lord offered a libry wood, the lord said to his mind, " i will not curse the earth because of man ' s work, because the mind of human hearts are evil from youth. i will no longer struck all living creatures, just as i have done.

Genesis 8:22 during all the days of the earth will be seed and something, sound and rost, wild and soom, day and night, they will not rest day and night.

Genesis 9:1 and god blessed noah and his sons and said to them, " be grow and multiply, and fulfill the earth.

Genesis 9:2 fear and fear of you will be over all the wild animals of the earth, over all the birds in heaven and over all the fish of the sea. i have given them in your hands.

Genesis 9:3 every living birds that is living will be your food ; i have given you everything as a grass of grass.

Genesis 9:4 but you must not eat food with blood of life.

Genesis 9:5 for i will look for your blood of your souls, from the hand of all the animals i will look for him, and from the hand of a person ' s brother i will look for the human life.

Genesis 9:6 whoever vers human blood, it will be poured out of his blood, because god has made the person by god ' s image.

Genesis 9:7 " but you will be grow and multiply, and pless the earth and multiply in it. "

Genesis 9:8 then god said to noah and to his sons with him, saying,

Genesis 9:9 " i make my covenant with you and with your descendants after you,

Genesis 9:10 and with every living life with you, the birds, the beast, and all the wild animals that are with you, from everything that came out of the ark, and all the wild animals of the earth.

Genesis 9:11 " i will make my covenant with you, and no body will be still died of the water of the flood, and there will be no flood again to destroy the earth. "

Genesis 9:12 then god said, " this is the sign of the covenant that i do among me and you and every living creature that is with you, for eternal generations.

Genesis 9:13 i put my bound in the cloud, and it will be a sign of the covenant among me and the earth.

Genesis 9:14 when i gather cloaks on the ground, the bound will appear in the cloud,

Genesis 9:15 then i will remember my covenant that is among me and you and every living creature in every body, and the water will not be again a flood to destruck all human creatures.

Genesis 9:16 the bound will be in the cloud, and i will see it, to remember the eternal covenant among me and all living creatures from every body that is on the earth. "

Genesis 9:17 then god said to noe, " this is the sign of the covenant that i put among me and all the flesh that is on the earth. "

Genesis 9:18 now the sons of noah who came out of the ark were sem, cham and jafet. ( cham was the father of canaan ).

Genesis 9:19 these three were the sons of noah. from them all the earth were spread.

Genesis 9:20 so noah became a tenants of the earth and planted a vineyard.

Genesis 9:21 then he drinked from the wine and was drunk, and he was slaved in his house.

Genesis 9:22 when cham, the father of canaan, saw his father ' s naked, and he reported it to his two brothers outside.

Genesis 9:23 then sem and japheth took the clothes, placed it on their places, went along and coopped the naked of their father. their face were on the side, and they did not see the naked of their father.

Genesis 9:24 when noah died his wine, he realized what his younger son had done with him.

Genesis 9:25 he said, " cursed be canaan ! he will be a slave of slaves to his brothers. "

Genesis 9:26 he said, blessed is the lord god of sem, and canaan will be his servant !

Genesis 9:27 god may break out japheth, and he must live in the homes of sem, and canaan be his slave ! "

Genesis 9:28 after the flood, noah leaved two hundred and fifty years.

Genesis 9:29 so all the days of noah were nive hundred and fifty years, then he died.

Genesis 10:1 this is the generations of the sons of noah : sem, cham and jafet. after the flood, they became sons.

Genesis 10:2 the sons of japheth : gomer, magog, madai, javan, tubal, mesech and tiras.

Genesis 10:3 the sons of gomer were : ashkenaz, rifat, and togarma.

Genesis 10:4 the sons of javan were elisa and tarsis, kittim, dodanim.

Genesis 10:5 from these were divided the island of the nations in their country, each according to their language, according to their familes, among their nations.

Genesis 10:6 the sons of cham were : kuh, mizraim, put and canaan.

Genesis 10:7 the sons of chus were seba, havila, sabta, raema, and sabteka. the sons of raema were seba and dedan.

Genesis 10:8 cuss the father of nimrod, who began to be held on the earth.

Genesis 10:9 he was a held calling in the presence of the lord. for this reason they say, " like nimrod, a held in the presence of the lord. "

Genesis 10:10 the beginning of his kingdom was babel, erech, akad, and kalne, in the land of shinar.

Genesis 10:11 from that land he went out to assur and built nineve, rehoboth-ir, kalah,

Genesis 10:12 and resen among nineve and kalah ( that is the great city ).

Genesis 10:13 mesraim became the father of the ludians, the anamim, the lehabim, the naftuhies,

Genesis 10:14 the patrosim, the casalon, from whom the philisters went out, and the kaftories.

Genesis 10:15 canaan the father of sidon, his firstborn, and the heth,

Genesis 10:16 and the jebusus, the amorians, the girgasenes,

Genesis 10:17 the hevees, the aracites, the sinnians,

Genesis 10:18 the arvadians, the samarites, and the amitai. after this the tribes of the cananes were dispersed.

Genesis 10:19 the region of the cananes was from sidon to gerar and gaza, by sodom, gomorrah, adma, zeboim, until lasha.

Genesis 10:20 these were the sons of cham according to their familes, language, in their country, in their nations.

Genesis 10:21 and to sem, the father of all the sons of heber, the greatest brother of jafet.

Genesis 10:22 the sons of sem were : elam, assur, arpaksad, lud, aram.

Genesis 10:23 the sons of aram were us, hul, gether, and mash.

Genesis 10:24 arphaxad the father of cainan, salah the father of heber,

Genesis 10:25 and to eber became two sons. the name of the one was peleg, because in his days the earth was divided, and his brother ' s name was joktan.

Genesis 10:26 joktan the father of almodad, saleph, hazarmaveth, jerah,

Genesis 10:27 hadoram, uzal, dikla,

Genesis 10:28 obal, abimael, seba,

Genesis 10:29 ofir, havila, and jobab. these all were joktan ' s sons.

Genesis 10:30 their habitations were from massa to sefar, the mountain of the east.

Genesis 10:31 these were the sons of sem, their familes, language, in their country, in their nations.

Genesis 10:32 these were the tribes of the sons of noah according to their generations, in their nations. from them the nations were dispersed from them on the earth after the flood.

Genesis 11:1 the whole world was one language and one message.

Genesis 11:2 when they went away from the east they found a field in the land shinar and bowed in there.

Genesis 11:3 they said to each other, " come, let us think tiegs and put them in fire. " so the teol became a stone for them, and the clock was in them.

Genesis 11:4 so they said, " let us build a town and a torn where the head will come to heaven, and make us name before we are scattered on the face of the whole earth. "

Genesis 11:5 so the lord went down to see the city and the torre that the people had built.

Genesis 11:6 then the lord said, " look, they are one people, and they have one language, and this way they have completed to do, and now they will not take nothing of everything they want to do. "

Genesis 11:7 come, let us go down there their tongue there, so that each one does not understand the other. "

Genesis 11:8 so the lord separed them from there over the face of the whole land, and they learned to build the city.

Genesis 11:9 for this reason they called babel, because there the lord poured out the lips of the whole earth, and from there the lord spread them on the face of the whole earth.

Genesis 11:10 this is the descendance of sem : sem was hunty years when he became the father of arphaxad, a second years after the flood.

Genesis 11:11 after the naissance of arphaxad, sem leved five hundred years and became sons and daughters.

Genesis 11:12 when arphaxad was about thirty and five years he became the father of cainan.

Genesis 11:13 after the naissank of cainan, arphaxad lewere for four hundred thirty years and he became the father of sons and daughters. he became the father of sela, and he became the father of three hundred thirty years and became the father of sons and daughters.

Genesis 11:14 when selah was thirty years he became the father of heber.

Genesis 11:15 after the aissance of eber, shelah leafed 330 years and became sons and daughters.

Genesis 11:16 when eber was thirty and four years, he became the father of peleg.

Genesis 11:17 after the aissance of peleg, eber became three hundred and treventy years and became sons and daughters.

Genesis 11:18 when peleg was thirty years he became the father of reu.

Genesis 11:19 after the aissance of reu peleg became two hundred nine and became sons and daughters.

Genesis 11:20 when reu was thirty and two years he became the father of serug.

Genesis 11:21 after the aissance of serug, rehu lewere two hundred and seven years and became sons and daughters.

Genesis 11:22 when serug was thirty years he became the father of nahor.

Genesis 11:23 after the father of nahor, serug leafed two hundred years and had sons and daughters.

Genesis 11:24 when nahor was twenty-nine years, he became the father of terah.

Genesis 11:25 after the father of terah, nahor leafed 129 years and became sons and daughters.

Genesis 11:26 when terah was seventy-years, he became the father of abram, nachor, and haran.

Genesis 11:27 now these are the generations of thara : terah the father of abram, nahor and haran. haran became the father of lot.

Genesis 11:28 haran died before his father terah in his natural land, in ur of the chaldeans.

Genesis 11:29 abram and nahor took women. the name of abram ' s wife was sarai and the name of nahor ' s wife was milka, daughter of haran, father of milka and ischa.

Genesis 11:30 but sarai was bard, but had no children.

Genesis 11:31 then thah took his son abram, lot the son of haran, his son, and sarah his women, the wife of his son abram, and they led them out of ur of the chaldeans to go into the land of canaan. and when they came to haran, they died there.

Genesis 11:32 then the days of terah were two hundred and five years, then terah died in haran.

Genesis 12:1 then the lord said to abram, " go out from your country, from your relatives, from your father ' s house, to the land i will show you.

Genesis 12:2 i will make you a great nation, and i will praise you and make your name great, and you will be blessed.

Genesis 12:3 i will praise those who praise you, and i will curse those who curse you, and in you will all the tribes of the earth be blessed in you.

Genesis 12:4 so abram went as the lord said to him. lot went with him. abram was for seventy-five years when he went out of haran.

Genesis 12:5 so abram took his wife sarah, his brother lot, and all their possessions that they had completed, and the sees they had completed in haran. they went out to the land of canaan, and went to the land of canaan.

Genesis 12:6 so abram went through the land until the place of sichem, to the sea of more. now the kanaans were there in the land.

Genesis 12:7 then the lord appeared to abram and said, " to your descendants i will give this land. " so he built a altar to the lord who had appeared to him.

Genesis 12:8 from there he went to the mountain from the east of bethhel and riched his tabernacle there. bethel was on the west side and ai on the west. he built a altar to the lord and invocted the name of the lord.

Genesis 12:9 so abram went away and went to the wilderness.

Genesis 12:10 now there was a famine in the land. abram went down to egypt to live there, because the famine was start in the earth.

Genesis 12:11 when he approached egypt, he said to his wife sarah, " look, i know that you are a geney woman.

Genesis 12:12 when the egyptians see you, they will say, ' this is his wife. ' and they will kill me, but you will live.

Genesis 12:13 tell then, " you are my sister, so that it may be good for your sake and my life may live because of you. "

Genesis 12:14 now when abram entered egypt, the egyptians saw that she was very good.

Genesis 12:15 when pharaons ' s rulers saw her, they praised her to pharaoh, and she brought her into pharaoh ' s house.

Genesis 12:16 so he became good to abram because of her. he had sheep, bears, esels, slaves, slaves, women, and camels.

Genesis 12:17 but the lord suffered pharaoh and his house with great plagues for the sake of sarai, the wife of abram.

Genesis 12:18 so pharaoh called abram and said, " what did you have done for me ? why did you not tell me that she is your wife ?

Genesis 12:19 why did you say, ' she is my sister ? " and i received her to me as a wife ? now here is your wife. take her and go. "

Genesis 12:20 so pharaoh proclaimed to some men about abram, and they put him and his wife and everything he possessed.

Genesis 13:1 so abram went up from egypt with his wife, with everything he possessed, and lot was with him.

Genesis 13:2 abram was great rich for food, silver, and gold.

Genesis 13:3 he went away from the region of the wilderness to bethel until the place where his tabernacle was before betel and ai,

Genesis 13:4 to the place of the altar that he had made already. then abram called there the name of the lord.

Genesis 13:5 and lot, who went with abram, had sheep and boves and tenders.

Genesis 13:6 the land would not allow them to live together, because their possessions were many and they were not able to live together.

Genesis 13:7 there was a letter among the shepherds of abram ' s feet and the shepherds of lot. now the cananeens and the perizzians habited that on the land.

Genesis 13:8 then abram said to lot, " let no letter be among me and you, and among my shepherds and your shepherds, for we are brothers.

Genesis 13:9 is not all the earth before you ? depart from me ! if you are left, i will go right. if you are at the right, i will go right. if you are left, i will go left. "

Genesis 13:10 then lot looked up and saw the whole region of the jordan river : " before the lord destructed sodom and gomorrah, the whole region of the jordan river like the garden of the lord and like the land of egypt.

Genesis 13:11 so lot divided for himself the whole region of the jordan river. then lot went away from the east, and they were skilled each from another.

Genesis 13:12 abram remained in the land of canaan, but lot woog in the towns of the region and turned in sodom.

Genesis 13:13 but the people of sodom were evil and greatly sinners against the lord.

Genesis 13:14 after lot had divided lot, the lord said to abram, " leave your eyes and see from the place where you are now, on the nord, the nouth, the west, and the west.

Genesis 13:15 for all the land you see, i will give you and your descendants forever.

Genesis 13:16 i will make your descendants like the stone of the earth. if someone can number the stone of the earth will also number your descendants.

Genesis 13:17 get up and go through the land in its length and in the large side, for i will give it to you. "

Genesis 13:18 so abram turned away and went and bowed in the camp of mamre, which is in hebron, and he bought lord a altar there.

Genesis 14:1 now in the kingdom of amrafel, king of shinar, arioch king of ellasar, kedorlaomer king of elam, tidal king of goim,

Genesis 14:2 they accompanied battle with bera king of sodom, birsa king of gomorra, shinar king of adma, rehober the king of zeboim, and the king of bela ( that is soar ).

Genesis 14:3 all these people were together in the valle of siddim ( that is the sow sea ).

Genesis 14:4 twelve years they served kedorlaomer, but on three and three years they turned away.

Genesis 14:5 in the four and four year kedorlaomer and the kings who were with him, and they cut the refaites in ashtaroth-karnaim, the emians in have-kiriataim,

Genesis 14:6 and the hores in the mountain of seir until the terpent of paran, that is by the wilderness. )

Genesis 14:7 then they returned and went to en-mishpat ( that is kades ) and cut all the regions of amalek, and even the amoreens who bound in haton-tamar.

Genesis 14:8 so the king of sodom, the king of gomorra, the king of adma, the king of zeboim, and the king of bela that is soar, went out and bathered against them in the vald siddim.

Genesis 14:9 against kedorlaomer king of elam, tidal king of goim, amrafel king of shinar, arioch king of ellasar, four king against the five.

Genesis 14:10 now the vald siddim was a put of pure puts, and the king of sodom and gomorrah flowed and fallen there, and the rest left into the mountain.

Genesis 14:11 so they took all the possessions of sodom and gomorrah and all their food and went away.

Genesis 14:12 they also took the son of abram, the son of abram ' s brother, and his possessions and went back, because he lived in sodom.

Genesis 14:13 but someone who had escaped came and reported this to abram the hebrece who lived on the terebinthe terebinthe mamre, the amorian, brother of eschal, and brother of aner, who were abramy with abram.

Genesis 14:14 when abram heard that his brother was captive, he gathered his own people who were born in his house, two hundred and eighten, and persecuted them until dan.

Genesis 14:15 so he and his servants fell on them in the night and struck them, and persecuted them until hoba, who is left the left of damascus.

Genesis 14:16 then he rejected all the heads, and lot his brother and his possessions returned, both the women and the people.

Genesis 14:17 when he returned to kedorlaomer and the kings with him, the king of sodom went out to rencontre him after he returned from the suffering of kedorlaomer and the kings with him.

Genesis 14:18 and melchizedek, king of salem, brought bread and wine. he was a priest of the most high god.

Genesis 14:19 and blessed abram and said, blessed is abram from the most high god, the creature of heaven and earth !

Genesis 14:20 blessed is the most high god who gave your enemies in your hand ! " so god gave him a tighth of all.

Genesis 14:21 the king of sodom said to abram, " give me the men, but take the heal for yourself. "

Genesis 14:22 but abram said to the king of sodom, " i extend my hand to the lord god, the most high, the creature of heaven and earth,

Genesis 14:23 that from a mill until the sandals of the sandals i will take from everything you possess, so that you may not say, ' i have made abram rich. '

Genesis 14:24 nevertheless, what the young men ate, and the part of the men who went with me : eschal, onan, mamre ; they will receive his part ! "

Genesis 15:1 after these things the word of the lord came to abram in a vision, saying, " do not be afraid, abram. i am your scuter, your reward is great. "

Genesis 15:2 then abram said, " lord, lord, what can you give me, that i am without children, and the son of my house is eliezer in the damascus. "

Genesis 15:3 abram said, " because you have not given children, and my child will be my hervant.

Genesis 15:4 then the voice of the lord came to him, " this man will not inherit you, but the one who comes out of you will reign you. "

Genesis 15:5 then he brought him outside and said, " look up to heaven and nump the stars if you can number them. " he said to him, " so your descendants will be. "

Genesis 15:6 and he believed to the lord and it was reputted to him as righteousness.

Genesis 15:7 so he said to him, " i am the lord who led you out of ur of the chaldeans to give you this land in possession. "

Genesis 15:8 then he said, " lord, lord, why will i know that i will inherit it ?

Genesis 15:9 he said to him, " take me a hair for three thousand, a third boot, a third flock, a turtely, and a dove. "

Genesis 15:10 so he took all these things to him, divided them in the middle, and placed to the other side, but the birds did not destroy.

Genesis 15:11 when the birds went down on their bodies, abram destroyed them.

Genesis 15:12 when the sun came, a distress fell against abram, and there was a great fear, great darkness, fell on him.

Genesis 15:13 then the man said to abram, " let you know that your descendants will be a fremder in a land that does not own, and they will serve them and afflick them for four hundred years.

Genesis 15:14 but i will judge the nation they serve, and after this they will come out with great gods.

Genesis 15:15 but you will go to your ancestors in peace, you will be buried in a good old.

Genesis 15:16 now on the neventh generation they will return here, for the sins of the amoreers has not yet completed. "

Genesis 15:17 now when the sun came by the west, a flamm of flame came, and a fiery lamp and a fiery lamp passed through these foundation.

Genesis 15:18 at that day the lord made a covenant with abram, saying, " i will give your descendants this land from the river of egypt until the great river, the river euphrat :

Genesis 15:19 the keniaites, the kenizites, the kedmonians,

Genesis 15:20 the hetians, the pherizites, the rephaim,

Genesis 15:21 the amoritans, the cananeans, the girgasenes, and the jebusees. "

Genesis 16:1 now sarah, the wife of abram, did not give him the child. she had a slaves of egypt, named hagar.

Genesis 16:2 so sarai said to abram, " look, the lord has seized me not to have the child. come then to my slave slavince, may i have children for her. " and abram obeyed sarah ' s voice.

Genesis 16:3 so sarai, the wife of abram, took his slavin agar the egypt agar, and gave her to her husband abram.

Genesis 16:4 so she entered agar. when she saw she was pregnant, she died his master in his presence.

Genesis 16:5 so sarai said to abram, " i am wrong from you ! i have put my slave slavince into your neighbor. when she saw she was swanger, i was thrown down before her. let the lord judge among me and you. "

Genesis 16:6 abram said to sarah, " look, your slaves is in your hand. do with her what you play. " so sarai destroyed her, and she died from her.

Genesis 16:7 the angel of the lord found her by a water of water in the wilderness, by the fontein that is on the road of shur.

Genesis 16:8 and he said, " agar, servant of sarah, where are you coming and where you go ? " she replied, " i am away from my master sarah. "

Genesis 16:9 but the angel of the lord said to her, " return to your master, and be humilied under her hand. "

Genesis 16:10 the angel of the lord said to her, " i will multiply your descendants, so that it will not be number because of the large number. "

Genesis 16:11 then the angel of the lord said to her, " look, you are swanger and will give a son, and you will name him ismael, because the lord has heard your affliction.

Genesis 16:12 he will be a human food, his hand will be against all, and the hand of all against him, and he will live before all his brothers. "

Genesis 16:13 then agar called the lord who had spoken to her, " you are the god who saw me, because she said, " even before i saw that he was seen before me ? "

Genesis 16:14 for this reason the brunn called beer-lahai-roi. he is among cades and bered.

Genesis 16:15 now agar gave a son to abram. and abram called his son whom agar had given to him ismael.

Genesis 16:16 abram was foventy-six years when hagar became birth to abram.

Genesis 17:1 when abram was foventy-nine years, the lord appeared to abram and said to him, " i am the all-powerful god. go before me and be innocent.

Genesis 17:2 i will make my covenant among me and you, and i will give you great number. "

Genesis 17:3 so abram fell down with his face to the ground, and god spoke to him :

Genesis 17:4 " now look, my covenant is with you, and you will be a father of many nations.

Genesis 17:5 and you will not be called you abram again, but your name will be abraham, because i have put you to the father of many nations.

Genesis 17:6 i will make you great ground, and i will make you in nations, and kings will come out from you.

Genesis 17:7 i will make my covenant among me and you and your descendants after you in their generations, as a eternal covenant, that i will be your god and your descendants after you.

Genesis 17:8 i will give you and your descendants after you the land where you are foreigning, all the land of canaan as a eternal possession, and i will be their god. "

Genesis 17:9 then god said to abraham, " you must obey my covenant, you and your descendants after you in their generations.

Genesis 17:10 this is the covenant that you will make among me and you and your descendants after you : every mannilahy of you will be circumcised.

Genesis 17:11 you will circumcide your uncircumcised flesh, so that it will be a sign of the covenant among me and you.

Genesis 17:12 a child for eight days will be circumcised for you, in all your generations, the ingebored in your house and the one who is money for the money, who is not from your descendants.

Genesis 17:13 the ingebored in your house and the one who is fought for you will be circumcised, and my covenant will be on your flesh as a eternal covenant.

Genesis 17:14 the uncircumcised man who does not circumcide his uncircumcision, that must be taken out of her people, because she has destroyed my covenant. "

Genesis 17:15 god said to abraham, " your wife saraah must you not name sarai, but her name will be sarah.

Genesis 17:16 i will praise her, and i will give you a child from her. i will praise him, and it will be a nations, and the kings of nations will come from her. "

Genesis 17:17 then abraham fell down with his face to the ground and fell down with his face to the ground, " would he become for a hundred years, and sarah will give nittle years ? "

Genesis 17:18 so abraham said to god, " let ismael live before you ! "

Genesis 17:19 but god said, " look, your wife sara will give you a son, and you will name him isaac. i will make my covenant with him for a eternal covenant for his descendants after him.

Genesis 17:20 but about ismael i have heard you. look, i will praise him and make him great ground. he will be born twelve nations, and i will make him a great nation.

Genesis 17:21 but i will make my covenant with isaac whom sarah will give you at this time, in the other year. "

Genesis 17:22 when god had finished speaking to him, god went up from abraham.

Genesis 17:23 so abraham took his son ismael and all who were born in his house, all who were taken with his silver count, all the manners of the manners of abraham, and circumcided their uncircumcision at that day, just as god had spoken to him.

Genesis 17:24 abraham was foventy-nine years when he was circumcised the body of his uncircumcision.

Genesis 17:25 his son ismael was three and three years when he was circumcised the flesh of his uncircumcision.

Genesis 17:26 at that time abraham and his son ismael were circumcised.

Genesis 17:27 and all the husbands of his house, who were born in the house and the silver coins of the foreign people were circumcised.

Genesis 18:1 then the lord appeared to him on the terebinth of mamre, while he was sitting at the door of his tent at the middad.

Genesis 18:2 when he looked up, he saw three men standing before him. when he saw them, he ran out to help them from the door of his tent and worshiped to the ground.

Genesis 18:3 and said, " lord, if i have found grace before you, do not pass away from your servant !

Genesis 18:4 let the water get up water to wash your feet and put yourselves down under the tree.

Genesis 18:5 then i will take a bread for you to eat, and after this you will go away, because you have returned to your servant. " they replied, " do what you have said. "

Genesis 18:6 then abraham came to the tent to sarah and said, " get away three mears of fish of fish and make pieces. "

Genesis 18:7 so abraham went off to the horns and took a feed and good beast and gave it to the slave. so he departed to make it.

Genesis 18:8 he took a back, much, and the beast that he had made and placed before them, and he stood before them under the tree.

Genesis 18:9 so they asked him, " where is sarah your wife ? " he replied, " he is in the tent. "

Genesis 18:10 so he said, " i will return back to you at this time for this time, and you will have your wife sara a son. " but sarah heard about him by the door of the tent.

Genesis 18:11 now abraham and sara were elders, already yearing, and sarah refured their women.

Genesis 18:12 so sarah suffered in itself, saying, " have i still become an old, but my lord is an old ! "

Genesis 18:13 then the lord said to abraham, " why has sara completed and said, ' will i also give her birth, though i am already old ? '

Genesis 18:14 is it impossible for the lord ? in this time i will return back to you at this time, and sarah will have a son. "

Genesis 18:15 sarah refused to say, " i have not suffered, " for she was afraid ! " and she said, " no ! "

Genesis 18:16 so the men got up from there and looked off sodom. abraham went with them to accompany them.

Genesis 18:17 then the lord said, " should i secree abraham what i am going to do ?

Genesis 18:18 " abraham will become a great and great nation, and in him will all the nations of the earth be blessed in him.

Genesis 18:19 for i have commanded him to command his sons and his household after him to obey the way of the lord, practicing righteousness and right, so that the lord may bring on abraham what he has spoken to him. "

Genesis 18:20 then the lord said, " the rop of sodom and gomorrah is completed, and their sins is great greater !

Genesis 18:21 i will come down and will see if they are fulfilled with their cries that comes to me ? if not, i will know it. "

Genesis 18:22 so the men returned from there and went to sodom, but abraham stood before the lord.

Genesis 18:23 then abraham approached and said, " will you destroy the righteous with the ungodly ?

Genesis 18:24 if there is fifty righteous in the city, will you leave them and not leave the place for the fifty righteous ones who are in it ?

Genesis 18:25 let you take this way, to kill the righteous with the impii, so that the righteous will be like a impie ! it is no longer ! you who judges the whole earth will not execute justice ! "

Genesis 18:26 then the lord said, " if i find fifty righteous people in sodom, i will forgive the whole place because of them. "

Genesis 18:27 abraham answered, " now i have completed to speak to my lord, though i am a ground and a fish.

Genesis 18:28 if the fifty righteous will be taken away, will you perish the whole city for the sake of the five ? " but he said, " i will not lose if i find there fifty and five. "

Genesis 18:29 but he said to him again, " if there will be found fourty there ? " he replied, " i will not lose it because of the firty. "

Genesis 18:30 but he said, " may not, my lord, if i speak. if they find there thirty ? " he replied, " i will not lose if i find there thirty. "

Genesis 18:31 he replied, " look, i have something to speak to my lord. if there are twenty, " he replied, " i will not lose it because of the twenty-two. "

Genesis 18:32 but he said, " may not, my lord, if i speak again. if there will be found ten ? " he replied, " i will not lose it for the sake of the ten. "

Genesis 18:33 when he had finished speaking to abraham, the lord went away and returned to his place.

Genesis 19:1 now the two angels came to sodom to the afternoon, but lot was sitting by the city of sodom. when lot saw them, he stood up to encontro them and worshiped with his face to the ground

Genesis 19:2 and said, " look, my masters, go back into your servant ' s house and leave it and wash your feet. then you will stand early up and go on your way. " they replied, " no, we will leave the street. "

Genesis 19:3 but he strengthened them, and they turned to him and went into his house. he gave them a food, wrapped them with unleavened bread, and they ate.

Genesis 19:4 until they got down, the people of the city, the sodomites, leading around the house, both young and elders, all the people together.

Genesis 19:5 they called lot and asked him, " where are the men who came to you at the night ? bring them out to us that we may know them. "

Genesis 19:6 so lot went out to them before the door, gathered the door after him

Genesis 19:7 and said, " my brothers and sisters, do not take evil !

Genesis 19:8 look, i have two daughters that have not known a husband. i will bring them out to you and do with them what you will please. only do not do anything against these men, because they have entered my build. "

Genesis 19:9 they replied, " get back there, for you have come to be as foreigner and judge for judgment. now we are encouraged you more than they ' s. " so they greatly insulted the man, and they approached to threw the door.

Genesis 19:10 when the men extended out their hands, they brought lot to them in the house, and they clow the door.

Genesis 19:11 they struck the people who were on the door of the house with secret, both little and great, so that they were distressed to look for the door.

Genesis 19:12 then the men said to lot, " you have there anyone there ? the women, your sons, your daughters, and all you are in the city, bring out out of this place.

Genesis 19:13 for we will destroy this place, because their call is exalted before the lord, and the lord sent us to destroy it. "

Genesis 19:14 then lot went out and spoke to his fellow daughters who had married his daughters, and said, " stand up, go out of this place, for the lord will destroy the city. " but his svicers became isking.

Genesis 19:15 when morning came, the angels gathered lot, saying, " get up your wife and your two daughters that are there, so that you will not fall away because of the transgression of the city. "

Genesis 19:16 when he was thrown, the men and his wife and his two daughters gathered him by his hand, his wife, and his two daughters, because the lord begged him.

Genesis 19:17 when they had brought them outside, he said, " save your life ! do not see back or stand in the whole region. save on the mountain so that you may not be taken. "

Genesis 19:18 but lot said to them, " no, lord !

Genesis 19:19 look, your servant has found mercy in your eyes, and you have done great mercy that you have done to me to live my life. but i cannot escape the mountain, so that evil will come over me and i am going to die.

Genesis 19:20 look, this city is near that i will flee there, which is a little. there i will be saved. is it not a little, and my life will live.

Genesis 19:21 he said to him, " look, i am also amazed your face, so that i will not destroy the city about which you speak.

Genesis 19:22 make every effort to save there, for i cannot do anything until you enter there. " therefore the city was called soar.

Genesis 19:23 the sun came over the earth when lot came to zoar.

Genesis 19:24 then the lord bringing swear and fire from the lord from heaven on sodom and gomorrah.

Genesis 19:25 he destroyed these towns, all the region, and all the inhabitants of the towns, and everything that was produced out of the earth.

Genesis 19:26 but his wife looked back and became a salt of salt.

Genesis 19:27 the morning on the morning abraham went up to the place where he stood before the lord.

Genesis 19:28 and he looked at sodom and gomorrah and on the entire region of the region. and when he saw that a flamm came up of the earth like a damp of a furn.

Genesis 19:29 now when god destructed the towns of the country, god remembered abraham and sent lot out of the middle when he destructed the towns where lot lived.

Genesis 19:30 so lot went up from zoar and stayed in the mountain with his two daughters with him, for he was afraid to live in zoar. he remained in a spelonk with his two daughters.

Genesis 19:31 the elder said to the younger, " our father is a elder, and there is no one on the earth to enter us according to the order of all the earth.

Genesis 19:32 come, let us drink our father with wine, and let us sleep with him, so that we may remove children from our father. "

Genesis 19:33 so they gave their father drink wine at that night, and the elders went in and sat with her father. but he did not know when she got down she and when she got up.

Genesis 19:34 the next day the young man said to the younger, " look, i have fallen along with my father. let us drink him wine both in this night, and go and learn with him, so we may remove children from our father. "

Genesis 19:35 so they also made their father drink wine, and the younger went and sat with him. but he did not know when she got down, or when she got up.

Genesis 19:36 so the two daughters of lot were encouraged from their father.

Genesis 19:37 the elders gave a son, whom she named moab. he is the father of moab to this day.

Genesis 19:38 the younger also gave a son, whom he named ben-ammi. he is the father of the ammonites until this day.

Genesis 20:1 so abraham went away from there to the region of the negev and remained among kades and shur, and he remained in gerar.

Genesis 20:2 so abraham said about sarah his wife, " she is my sister, " so abimelech the king of gerar sent a man to take sarah.

Genesis 20:3 but god came to abimelech in a droom at the night and said, " look, you will live because of the woman you received, for she is a husband. "

Genesis 20:4 but abimelech did not touch her, and he said, " lord, will you perish a innocent and righteous nation ?

Genesis 20:5 did he not say to me, ' she is my sister ? ' and she did not say, ' he is my brother ! ' i have done this with pure heart and righteous hands. "

Genesis 20:6 then god said to him in the dorm, " i know that you have done this in your heart ' s pure heart, and i have rejected you not to sin against me, so i have not forgiven you to touch her.

Genesis 20:7 now now give the woman to the husband because he is a prophet. he will pray for you and will live. but if you does not repay it, know that you will be put to death, you and everything you have. "

Genesis 20:8 then abimelech got up early in the morning and called all his servants and spoke all these words to their ears. so the people were greatly afraid.

Genesis 20:9 then abimelech called abraham and said to him, " what did you done for us ? why have i sinned against you that you have brought great sin against me and my kingdom ? you have done me things that no one should do. "

Genesis 20:10 so abimelech said to abraham, " what did you see that you have done this ? "

Genesis 20:11 abraham replied, " for i said, ' there is no fear of god in this place, and they will kill me because of my wife.

Genesis 20:12 he is really my sister, a son of my father, but not the son of my mother. so she became my wife.

Genesis 20:13 when god had brought me out of my father ' s house, i said to her, ' make this righteousness to me : in every place where we go, tell me that he is my brother. ' "

Genesis 20:14 so abimelech took thousand silver coins, sheep, slaves, and slaves, and gave them to abraham. so he gave him sarah his wife.

Genesis 20:15 and abimelech said, " look, my land is before you. live where you play. "

Genesis 20:16 and to sara he said, " look, i have given a thousand siclos for your brother. this is the honor of your face for all who are with you, and you have recognized all. "

Genesis 20:17 so abraham prayed to god, and god healed abimelech and his wife and his slaves, so that they became children.

Genesis 20:18 for the lord had seized every wife in the house of abimelech because of sarah the wife of abraham.

Genesis 21:1 and the lord requested sarah as he had promised, and he did to sara just as he had promised.

Genesis 21:2 sarah became taken and became birth to abraham in his old alter at the time god had promised him.

Genesis 21:3 abraham called his son who had been given to him, whom sarah had given to him, isaac.

Genesis 21:4 so abraham was circumcised isaac in the fourth day, just as god had commanded him.

Genesis 21:5 abraham was a hundred years years when his son isaac became given to him.

Genesis 21:6 and sarah said, " god has done me a later, for whoever heard it will rejoice with me. "

Genesis 21:7 then he said, " who will tell abraham that sara will have a child ? for i have fathered a son in my old. "

Genesis 21:8 the child was greatly greatly healed, and abraham made a great banquet on the day isaac was revealed.

Genesis 21:9 now when sarah saw the son of hagar the egypt, who she had given to abraham, suffering with isaac.

Genesis 21:10 and she said to abraham, " throw out this slave woman and her son, for the son of this slave woman will not arrest with my son isaac. "

Genesis 21:11 the saying was very delighted to abraham because of his son.

Genesis 21:12 but god said to abraham, " let it not be hard for the child and for your slave slavince. listen to everything that sara says to you, because in isaac you will be called your descendants.

Genesis 21:13 but i will make the son of the slave woman for a great nation, because he is your descendant. "

Genesis 21:14 the morning on the morning abraham got up, took bread and a flock of water and gave it to hagar, placed it on his home. he put the child and sent her away. so she went and deceived in the wilderness of beerseba.

Genesis 21:15 when the water came out of the batch, she broke the child under one women

Genesis 21:16 she went and sat down before him from a distance as a bound, because she said, " i will not see the child ' s death. " so she sat down before him and wept and weeping.

Genesis 21:17 god heard the voice of the child. then the angel of god called agar from heaven and said to her, " what is you, hagar ? do not be afraid, for god has heard the voice of the child from the place where he is.

Genesis 21:18 get up, take the child, and hold it with your hand, for i will make him a great nation. "

Genesis 21:19 then god opened her eyes, and she saw a well of living water. she went and filled the mark with water and water to the child.

Genesis 21:20 god was with the child. he got up and remained in the wilderness, and he became a bound.

Genesis 21:21 he remained in the wilderness of paran, and his mother took him a wife from the land of egypt.

Genesis 21:22 at that time abimelech and his officer phicol said to abraham, saying, " god is with you in everything you do.

Genesis 21:23 now then swear me to god that you will not wrong me or my descendants or my name, but hold to me according to the righteousness that i have done with you, you will make it with me and the land you live in. "

Genesis 21:24 abraham said, " i swear. "

Genesis 21:25 but abraham rebuked abimelech because of the water that the servants of abimelech had taken away.

Genesis 21:26 but abimelech said, " i did not know who has done this. you did not tell me, and i did not listen except this day. "

Genesis 21:27 so abraham took sheep and bews and gave it to abimelech. so they accompanied a covenant.

Genesis 21:28 so abraham reparted seven lammers for the sheep.

Genesis 21:29 so abimelech said to abraham, " what are these seven lammers that you have made alone ? "

Genesis 21:30 he replied, " you will take these seven lammers from me, so that they will be a witness to me that i have graven this well. "

Genesis 21:31 for this reason he called that place beer-sheba, because they were both swear there.

Genesis 21:32 so they made a covenant in beer-sheba. then abimelech, the officer of his power, stood up and returned to the land of the philistian.

Genesis 21:33 abraham planted a tamare in berseba and called there the name of the lord the eternal god.

Genesis 21:34 so abraham was asolated in the land of the philistian many days.

Genesis 22:1 after these things god tempted abraham and said to him, " abraham ! " he replied, " here i am ! "

Genesis 22:2 and he said, " take your one, your one dear son, whom you love, isaac, and go to the land more, and offer him there as a sacrifice, on one of the mountains i will tell you. "

Genesis 22:3 the morning on the morning abraham got up and sadned his eselin, and took two slaves and isaac his son. he seized the tree for the holocausts, got up and went to the place where god had spoken to him.

Genesis 22:4 the third day abraham looked up and saw the place from a distance.

Genesis 22:5 then abraham said to his slaves, " stay here with the eselin, but i and the child will go here and worship, and we will return to you. "

Genesis 22:6 then abraham took the tree of the holocausts and placed it to his son isaac. he took the fire and the sword in his hand, and they went together.

Genesis 22:7 so isaac said to his father abraham, " father ! " and he replied, " here is here, my son. " he replied, " look, here is the fire and the tree. where is the sheep for the holocaust ? "

Genesis 22:8 abraham said, " god will see for himself a sheep for the sacrifice, my son. " so they went together together.

Genesis 22:9 when they came to the place god had told him, abraham bought a altar and placed the trees, and placed isaac his son and placed him on the altar over the trees.

Genesis 22:10 then abraham extended his hand and took the sword to build his son.

Genesis 22:11 but the angel of the lord called him from heaven and said, " abraham, abraham ! " he replied, " here i am ! "

Genesis 22:12 then he said, " do not put your hand on the child or do anything to him, for now i know that you are afraid of god and you have not indulged your one, your enemy, because of me. "

Genesis 22:13 when abraham looked up, he saw one bow clothed with the hörns in a cloth. so abraham went and took the back and offered it as a sacrifice for the place of his son.

Genesis 22:14 so abraham called that place : " the lord see. " so they say, " on the mountain of the lord will appear. "

Genesis 22:15 the angel of the lord called abraham a second time from heaven,

Genesis 22:16 " i swear by myself, says the lord, because you have done this and did not spare your one enemy because of me,

Genesis 22:17 i will reason praise you and multiply your descendants as the stars in heaven and like the sand that is on the break of the sea, and your descendants will inherit the city of his enemies.

Genesis 22:18 and all the nations of the earth will be blessed in your descendant, because you obeyed my voice. "

Genesis 22:19 so abraham returned to his slaves, and they stood together and went to beerseba. and abraham stayed in beerseba.

Genesis 22:20 after these things they told abraham, " look, milka has also fathered sons to your brother nahor :

Genesis 22:21 uc his firstborn, buz his brother, kemuel the father of aram,

Genesis 22:22 chesed, hazo, pildas, jidlaf, and bethuel. "

Genesis 22:23 bethuel the father of rebecca. these fight milka gave to nahor, abraham ' s brother.

Genesis 22:24 his new new, named reuma, also partered tabah, gaham, tachhas, macha.

Genesis 23:1 sarah became a hundred and twenty-seven years.

Genesis 23:2 so sara died in kiriat-arba ( that is hebron ) in the land of canaan. and abraham came to mourn sara and to mourn.

Genesis 23:3 then abraham stood up from his death and said to the sons of heth, saying,

Genesis 23:4 " i am a encourage and a foreigner among you. give me possessions for a tomb among you, so i will burn my dead from me. "

Genesis 23:5 then the sons of heth answered abraham,

Genesis 23:6 " listen to us, my lord ! you are a king of god among us. entery your dead in the great tomb of our tombs. no one of us will share his tomb from you to burial your dead there. "

Genesis 23:7 so abraham stood up and worshiped the people of the land to the sons of heth

Genesis 23:8 and said to them, " if you think to burial my dead from my presence, listen to me and speak about me to efron the son of zohar,

Genesis 23:9 he may give me the spelonk of macpela that is on the end of his field. let it make it to me for a gracious money among you for a tomb. "

Genesis 23:10 now efron sat in the middle of the sons of heth. and efron the heth answered abraham when they heard the sons of heth, all who went in the city of his city, saying,

Genesis 23:11 " no, my lord, listen to me. i give you the field and the spelonk that is in it. i give it to you in the presence of my people. burial your dead. "

Genesis 23:12 so abraham worshiped the people of the earth

Genesis 23:13 and said to efron in the presence of the people of the earth, " listen to me. i will give the money of the field. take it from me, so i will burial my dead there. "

Genesis 23:14 then ephron said to abraham,

Genesis 23:15 " my lord, listen to me ! this is four hundred silver coins silver, what is this among me and you ? begraw your dead ! "

Genesis 23:16 when abraham heard ephron, abraham revealed to efron the money he had proclaimed in the presence of the sons of heth, four hundred silver coins of silver cours.

Genesis 23:17 then the field of ephron that was in macpela apposite mamre, the field and the spelonk that is in it, and every tree that was on the field in all his regions along,

Genesis 23:18 this is the possession of abraham in the presence of the sons of heth, in presence of all who went in the city of the city.

Genesis 23:19 after this abraham entered sarah his wife in the spelonk of the field of macpela ahead of mamre ( that is hebron ) in the land of canaan.

Genesis 23:20 so the field and the spelonk that was in it was revealed to abraham as a tomb for abraham from the sons of heth.

Genesis 24:1 abraham was old and all long days, and the lord blessed abraham in all things.

Genesis 24:2 then abraham said to his own servant, the elders of his house, who was ruling over everything he possessed, " put your hand under my heup,

Genesis 24:3 i will swear you by the lord, the god of heaven and the god of the earth, that you will not take a wife for my son from the daughters of the cananeens among whom i live.

Genesis 24:4 but you will go to my land and to my family and take a wife to my son isaac. "

Genesis 24:5 the slave said to him, " if the woman does not want to follow me into this land, should i bring your son back into the land where you went out ? "

Genesis 24:6 abraham said to him, " beware that you should not bring my son back there ! "

Genesis 24:7 the lord, the god of heaven, who took me from my father ' s house and from my nation, who spoke to me and spoke to me, ' to your descendants i will give this land, ' he will send his angel before you, so that you will take a wife for my son from there.

Genesis 24:8 if the woman will not want to go with you, you will be clean from this oath. only must you not turn my son there. "

Genesis 24:9 then the slave put his hand under his lord abraham ' s heup, and he swore to him about this reason.

Genesis 24:10 so the slave took ten camels from the camels of his master, and went up and went to mesopotamia, to the city of nahor.

Genesis 24:11 then he died the camels outside the city, at the well of the water, at the next day when the water came out of water.

Genesis 24:12 and said, " lord, god of my lord abraham, repay me today and show mercy to my lord abraham !

Genesis 24:13 look, i am standing by the water of water, and the daughters of the people of the city come out to draw water.

Genesis 24:14 and if i say, ' put your water out to drink ', she will say, ' drink, and i will also give your camels to drink, ' this is the one you have prepared for your servant isaac. by this i will know that you have shown mercy to my lord. "

Genesis 24:15 before he had finished speaking, rebecca, who was born by bethuel, son of milka, wife of nahor the brother of abraham. she had his water on her sword.

Genesis 24:16 she was very shön of a virgin, a virgin who had no one known her. she went down to the fontein, filled his water and went up.

Genesis 24:17 then the slave courted to help her and said, " let me drink a little water from your water ! "

Genesis 24:18 she replied, " drink, lord, " and immediately she threw down his water on her hand and gied him to drink.

Genesis 24:19 when he had fined drink, he said, " i will water even for your camels until they all drink. "

Genesis 24:20 immediately she washed his water into the water, and went back to the well to draw water for all his camels.

Genesis 24:21 the man seized her, and he was silent to recognize if the lord had made his way right or not.

Genesis 24:22 when the camels had finished drinking, the man took a golden ringe for a gewictice of gold, and two plagues on her hands, belonging for ten silver coins.

Genesis 24:23 he asked, " whose daughter are you ? tell me if there is a place for us to destroy in the house of your father ? "

Genesis 24:24 she replied, " i am a daughter of bethuel, the son of milka, whom she gave to nahor. "

Genesis 24:25 he said to him, " we have great food and food, and there is a place to destroy. "

Genesis 24:26 then the man worshiped and worshiped the lord

Genesis 24:27 and said, " blessed be the lord, the god of my lord abraham, who has not rejected his righteousness and truth from my lord ! the lord has put me to the house of my lord ' s brothers. "

Genesis 24:28 then the slave went out and reported these words in her mother ' s house.

Genesis 24:29 rebecca had a brother named laban. so laban ran out to the man outside, to the well.

Genesis 24:30 when he saw the ringe and the ring on his sister ' s hands and heard the words of his sister rebecca saying, " this man spoke to me this man ! " so he came to the man, while he stood standing on the camels on the fonte.

Genesis 24:31 he said, " come, blessed the lord ! why are you standing outside ? i have prepared the house and a place for the camels. "

Genesis 24:32 so the man went into the house. he seized the camels, gave stroh and food for the camels, and water to wash his feet and the feet of the men who were with him.

Genesis 24:33 then he gave him to eat. but he said, " i will not eat until i speak my message. " he replied, " speak. "

Genesis 24:34 so he said, " i am the servant of abraham.

Genesis 24:35 " the lord has greatly blessed my lord and he is exalted, and he gave him sheep and bears, silver and gold, servants and slave, camels and esels.

Genesis 24:36 sarah, the wife of my lord, gave a son to my lord after his alder, and he has given him everything he possess.

Genesis 24:37 then my lord wrote me, saying, ' you must not take a wife for my son from the daughters of the cananeens where i live in their land,

Genesis 24:38 but you will go to my father ' s house and to my family and take a wife for my son. '

Genesis 24:39 so i asked my lord, ' if the woman does not go with me ? '

Genesis 24:40 but he said to me, ' the lord, before whom i have wanted will send his angel with you and will provide your way, and you will take a wife for my son from my tribe and from my father ' s house.

Genesis 24:41 then you will be innocent from my praise, whenever you come to my tribe, and if they does not give you it, you will be innocent from my eagerness. ' "

Genesis 24:42 now i came to the well and said, ' lord, god of my lord abraham, if you are going to make my way that i am going to go,

Genesis 24:43 look, i am standing there by the water of water, and the women who will come out to water and i say, ' give me a little water from your water ' s water, '

Genesis 24:44 if she says, ' drink you too, and i will watch water for your camels. ' this is the woman that the lord has prepared for my lord ' s son. '

Genesis 24:45 before i had finished speaking in my mind, rebekka came out with his water on the sword. she went down to the fontein and washed water. then i said to her, " give me drink ! "

Genesis 24:46 she gathered down her water off from her side and said, drink, and i will also drink your camels. " so i drinked, and she gave water to my camels.

Genesis 24:47 then i asked her, ' whose daughter are you ? " she replied, ' i am a daughter of bethuel, son of nahor, whom milka has given to him. ' so i put the ringe around her and the ringe on her hands.

Genesis 24:48 then i worshiped and worshiped the lord, and praised the lord, the god of my lord abraham, who made me in the way of truth to take the daughter of my lord ' s brother for his son.

Genesis 24:49 now if you show mercy and righteousness to my lord, tell me. if not, tell me that i will return on the right or at the left. "

Genesis 24:50 then laban and bethuel replied, " this is from the lord. we cannot say anything bad or good.

Genesis 24:51 look, rebecca is before you. take her and go. she must be a wife for the son of your lord, as the lord promised. "

Genesis 24:52 when the servant of abraham heard their words, he worshiped the lord to the ground.

Genesis 24:53 so the servant brought some golden and golden gifts and clothing and gave them to rebecca. he gave also gifts to her brother and mother.

Genesis 24:54 so he at the morning ate and drinking, he and the men who was with him. when they got up the morning, he said, " send me away to my master. "

Genesis 24:55 then her brother and mother said, " let the virgin stay with us about ten days, and then you will go away. "

Genesis 24:56 but he said to them, " do not take me away, because the lord has made my way good. send me away, so i may go to my lord. "

Genesis 24:57 they replied, " let us call the child and ask him for her. "

Genesis 24:58 they called rebecca and said to her, " will you go with this man ? " she replied, " i will go. "

Genesis 24:59 so they sent rebecca their sister, their sister, the servant of abraham, and his people.

Genesis 24:60 they blessed rebecca and said to her, " my sister, be in thousand thousand, and your descendants will inherit the city of his enemies. "

Genesis 24:61 so rebecca and her slaves got up and sat on the camels and went with the man. so the slave took up rebeck and went away.

Genesis 24:62 so isaac went out through the wilderness of lahai-roi, because he remained in the negev land.

Genesis 24:63 when the next day isaac went out to interrogate the field, and when he looked up, he saw the camels coming.

Genesis 24:64 when rebecca looked up, she saw isaac and went down from the camel.

Genesis 24:65 then she asked the slave, " who is this man who is going on the field to encontrare us ? " the slave replied, " this is my master. " then she took the scroll and clothed it.

Genesis 24:66 so the slave reported to isaac everything he had done.

Genesis 24:67 so isaac entered his mother sarah and took her mother, and she became his wife, and he loved her. so isaac was consoled because of his mother sarah.

Genesis 25:1 abraham took up a woman named ketura.

Genesis 25:2 she gave him zimran, joksan, medan, midian, jisbak, and soah.

Genesis 25:3 joksan the father of seba and dedan. the sons of dedan were assurim, letushim, and leummim.

Genesis 25:4 the sons of midian were efa, efer, hanoch, abida, and eldaa. these all were the sons of ketura.

Genesis 25:5 so abraham gave his possessions to isaac.

Genesis 25:6 now to the sons of his concubins abraham gave gifts, and while he was still living, he sent them from his son isaac, on the east, to the land of the east.

Genesis 25:7 the years of the days of life of abraham, which he leved, was 135 years.

Genesis 25:8 so abraham died and died in a good old, old and full of days, and he was revealed to his people.

Genesis 25:9 so isaac and ismael, his sons, buried him in the spelonk of makpela, to the field of efron, the son of zohar the heth, who is apposite mamre,

Genesis 25:10 the field that abraham had completed from the sons of heth. there they buried abraham and his wife sara.

Genesis 25:11 after abraham was dead, god blessed isaac his son. so isaac bowed at the cisterna of lahai-roi.

Genesis 25:12 these are the generations of abraham, the son of abraham, whom agar, sarah ' s slave slavin, had given to abraham.

Genesis 25:13 these are the name of the sons of ishmael, in their name generations : nebajot, the firstborn of ismael, and kedar, adbeel, mibsam,

Genesis 25:14 misma, duma, massa,

Genesis 25:15 hadar, tema, jetur, nafis, and kedma.

Genesis 25:16 these are the sons of ishmael, and these are their names in their towns and places, twelve rulers according to their familes.

Genesis 25:17 ismael ' s life were 137 years. so he died and died, and was called to his people.

Genesis 25:18 so they departed from havila until shur, which is over the face of egypt, to assur. he bowed in the presence of all his brothers.

Genesis 25:19 these are the generations of isaac, the son of abraham : abraham became the father of isaac.

Genesis 25:20 now isaac was forty years when he married rebecka, the daughter of bethuel the syrian, from mesopotamia, sister of laban the syrian.

Genesis 25:21 so isaac prayed to the lord for his wife because she was barren, and the lord exauted him, and rebecca his wife concealed.

Genesis 25:22 when the children were spring in her city, she said, " if this is so, why can i take this ? " so she went out to ask the lord.

Genesis 25:23 and the lord said to her, " two nations are in your pregnant, and two peoples will be divided from your mouth. the one people will be greater than you, and the greatest will serve the minor. "

Genesis 25:24 when the time was completed to give her, her womb had two clothes.

Genesis 25:25 the firstborn went fever, all like a pean pieces. and they threw him esau.

Genesis 25:26 after this his brother came out, and his hand had seized esau ' s vinger, and he named him jacob. isaac was sexty years when rebekka became birth.

Genesis 25:27 when the young men were leading, esau was a certain man, a fellow guard, but jacob was a innocent man in house.

Genesis 25:28 isaac loved esau, because his food was his food, but rebecca loved jacob.

Genesis 25:29 so jacob kept something, and esau came from the field and was leased.

Genesis 25:30 then esau said to jacob, " give me away from this fever of fire, for i am suffered. " so he was named edom.

Genesis 25:31 but jacob said, " give me your firstborn today. "

Genesis 25:32 esau said, " look, i am going to death, why then is this the firstborn ? "

Genesis 25:33 so jacob said, " swear me today. " so he swore to him, and vended his firstborn to jacob.

Genesis 25:34 jacob gave to esau bread and fish of fish, and he ate and drinked, and he got up and went away. so esau defiled his firstborn.

Genesis 26:1 now there was a famine in the land except the first hunger that had happened in the time of abraham. so isaac went to the philisté abimelech, the king of the philistian, to gerar.

Genesis 26:2 then the lord appeared to him and said, " do not come down to egypt, but stay in the land i will tell you.

Genesis 26:3 remain in this land, and i will be with you and will praise you, because i will give you and your descendants all these towns, and i will confirme the oath i swore to your father abraham.

Genesis 26:4 i will multiplie your descendants like the stars in heaven, and i will give your descendants all these towns, and all the nations of the earth will be blessed in your descendants.

Genesis 26:5 because abraham obeyed my voice and obeyed my instruction, my commandments, my commandments, my leaders, my leaders. "

Genesis 26:6 so isaac remained in gerar.

Genesis 26:7 when the people of the place asked about his wife, he said, " she is my sister, " for he was afraid to say, " she is my wife, " so that the people of the place could not kill him because of rebecca, because she was suffering.

Genesis 26:8 now when he was there a long time there, abimelech the king of the girar looked up by the venster and saw isaac sleeping with rebecca his wife.

Genesis 26:9 so abimelech called isaac and said, " she is your wife ! why did you say, she is my sister ? " isaac replied, " for i asked that i may not be died because of her. "

Genesis 26:10 abimelech said to him, " what did you have done for us ? one of the people has fallen to be with your wife, and you have brought us unbeliever. "

Genesis 26:11 then abimelech said to his people, " whoever touches this man or his wife must be brought to death. "

Genesis 26:12 so isaac seed in that land and found in that year a flock of gerse, for the lord blessed him.

Genesis 26:13 so the man was exalted and was greater until he was great great.

Genesis 26:14 he had a sheep of sheep and beast of bears and many officers. so the philistian greatly insulted him.

Genesis 26:15 and all the well that his father ' s servants had graven in the time of his father abraham, the philistians stopped and filled them with the ground.

Genesis 26:16 then abimelech said to isaac, " get away from us, because you were more powerful than we. "

Genesis 26:17 so isaac went away from there and sat down in the vall gerar and remained there.

Genesis 26:18 then isaac grow the puts of water that the servants of his father abraham had graven, and that the philisters stopped after abraham ' s death. he named them the names according to the names his father had called them.

Genesis 26:19 when the slaves of isaac graw in the dal, they found there a well of living water.

Genesis 26:20 but the shepherds of gerar contented with the shepherds of isaac, saying, " the water is his ! " so they called the cistery esek, because they were rebelled against him.

Genesis 26:21 then they grow another well, but also about that, and he called it sitnah.

Genesis 26:22 then he went away from there and grow another well, but they did not content about it, and he named it rehoboth, saying, " now the lord has strengthened us, and we will live on the earth. "

Genesis 26:23 then he went up from there to berseba.

Genesis 26:24 that night the lord appeared to him and said, " i am the god of abraham your father. do not be afraid, for i am with you, and i will praise you, and i will multiply your descendants because of abraham your servant. "

Genesis 26:25 then he built a altar there and invocted the name of the lord. he stapped there his tent, and isaac ' s slaves grow there a well.

Genesis 26:26 so abimelech came from gerar to him with ahuzath his fellow officer, and phikol, his oştier lame.

Genesis 26:27 isaac said to them, " why did you come to me, since you hated me and sent me from your presence ? "

Genesis 26:28 they replied, " we have seen that the lord is with you, and we said, ' let there be a joy among us and you, and let us make a covenant with you.

Genesis 26:29 you do not do us evil, just as we did not defile you, and just as we have done us good and sent you freely. now you are the blessed of the lord ! "

Genesis 26:30 so he made a banquet for them, and they ate and drinking.

Genesis 26:31 the morning on the morning they got up and swored one to another. then isaac sent them away, and they left him in peace.

Genesis 26:32 at that time the slaves of isaac came and told him about the put they had graven, and they said, " we found water ! "

Genesis 26:33 so he called the city seba. for this reason the city is the name of beerseba until this day.

Genesis 26:34 when esau was five years, he took a wife to jehudi, daughter of beer the hetheo, and basemata, daughter of elon the hevier.

Genesis 26:35 so they were suffering to isaac and rebecca.

Genesis 27:1 when isaac became old and his eyes were thrown, he called his elders son esau and said to him, " my son ! " he replied, " here i am ! "

Genesis 27:2 he said, " look, i have become old, and i don ' t know the day of my death.

Genesis 27:3 now take your powers, your staff, your bound, your bound, get out into the field and help something for me.

Genesis 27:4 and make me a eat that i love, and bring it to me to eat, so that my soul may praise you before i am died. "

Genesis 27:5 now rebech heard what isaac spoke to his son esau. so esau went to the field to arrest a bear and to his father.

Genesis 27:6 then rebecca said to her son jacob, " look, i have heard your father speaking to esau your brother saying,

Genesis 27:7 bring me a beast and make a food for me, so that i may eat and praise you before i am dead. "

Genesis 27:8 therefore, my son, listen to me, as i command you.

Genesis 27:9 go to the sheep and take me from there two good boats, and i will make them a food for your father as he loves.

Genesis 27:10 then you will bring it to your father and eat so that he may praise you before he dies. "

Genesis 27:11 jacob said to his mother rebecca, " look, my brother esau is a lear man, but i am a lear man.

Genesis 27:12 why my father will destroy me, and i will be like a contempt in his presence, and i will bring a curse against me, not a blessing. "

Genesis 27:13 his mother said to him, " may your cursion over me, my son. listen only to my voice, go and bring it to me. "

Genesis 27:14 so he went and took them and brought it to his mother, and his mother made a matter, just as his father loved.

Genesis 27:15 then rebecca took the good clothing of esau her elders son that was with her in the house and put his younger son jacob.

Genesis 27:16 and he put the flesh of the boats on his hands and the naked of his neck.

Genesis 27:17 so she gave the food and the bread that she had prepared, he gave in the hand of her son jacob.

Genesis 27:18 so she went to his father and said, " father ! " he replied, " here i am. who are you, my son ? "

Genesis 27:19 jacob said to his father, " i am esau your firstborn. i have done what you said to me. get up, sit and eat from my harvest, so that your soul may praise me. "

Genesis 27:20 so isaac said to his son, " what is this that you have found soon, my son ? " he replied, " the lord your god gave him to me. "

Genesis 27:21 so isaac said to jacob, " come to me, so i will think you, my son, whether you are my son esau or not. "

Genesis 27:22 so jacob approached his father isaac. he stopped him and said, " the voice is the voice of jacob, but the hands are esau ' s hands. "

Genesis 27:23 but he did not recognize him, because his hands were like his brother esau ' s hands. so he blessed him.

Genesis 27:24 he said, " you are my son esau ? " he replied, " i. "

Genesis 27:25 he said, " bring him here, so that i may eat from your child, so that my soul may praise you. " so he brought to him, and he ate. then he brought him wine and he drinked.

Genesis 27:26 so his father isaac said to him, " come to me and love me, my son. "

Genesis 27:27 so he approached him and kissed him. when he struck his cloak of his clothing, he blessed him and said, " look, the wood of my son is like the duft of a field that the lord blessed is.

Genesis 27:28 god give you something from the rosh of heaven and from the ground of the earth, and abundance of wheat and most.

Genesis 27:29 nations will serve you, nations will worship you. be lord over your brothers, and the sons of your father must worship you. blessed is the one who praise you, blessed is the one who blesses you ! "

Genesis 27:30 now when isaac had finished looking jacob and jacob had gone out from his father isaac, his brother esau came from his harvest.

Genesis 27:31 he also prepared a food and brought it to his father. and he said to his father, " let my father get up and eat the beast of his son, so that your soul may praise me. "

Genesis 27:32 his father isaac asked him, " who are you ? " he replied, " i am your son, your firstborn, esau. "

Genesis 27:33 then isaac became greatly astonished and said, " who then is the one who gathered a beast and brought me to me ? i ate from everything before you came, and i blessed him, and he will be blessed. "

Genesis 27:34 when esau heard his father ' s words, he cried out with a loud and bitterly voice, and said to his father, " thank me too, father ! "

Genesis 27:35 but he said, " your brother came with deceit and received your blessing. "

Genesis 27:36 but esau said, " he has called him jacob, because he rejected me a second time. he has taken my firstborn, and now he has received my blessing. " but he said, " have you not left my father blessing ? "

Genesis 27:37 isaac replied to esau, " i have made him lord for you, and all his brothers i have made him slaves. i have strengthened him to the wheat and the wine. what should i do for you, my son ? "

Genesis 27:38 so esau said to his father, " you have one blessing, father ? blessed me also, my father. " so esau shouted out and weeped.

Genesis 27:39 so isaac his father replied, " look, your habitation will be from the ground of the earth, and from outside from the dugg of heaven.

Genesis 27:40 you will live by your sword, and you will serve your brother. but whenever you are destroyed, you will put his yoke off your neck. "

Genesis 27:41 so esau suffered to jacob because of the blessing that his father had blessed him. then esau said to himself, " the days of mourning for my father is approaching, so i will kill my brother jacob. "

Genesis 27:42 when rebech was revealed her elders son ' s elders, she sent and called her younger son jacob and said to him, " look, your brother esau lives against you to kill you.

Genesis 27:43 now now, my child, listen to my voice. get up and go to my brother laban in haran,

Genesis 27:44 and stay with him for some days until your spirit returns.

Genesis 27:45 when your brother ' s anger is from you and he has forgiven what you have done for him. then i will send a message and take you away from there. why should i destroy you two on a single day ? "

Genesis 27:46 then rebecca said to isaac, " i have become hard for my life because of the daughters of heth. if jacob take a woman from the daughters of this land, why should i live for me ? "

Genesis 28:1 so isaac called jacob, blessed him and commanded him, saying, " do not take a wife from the daughters of canaan.

Genesis 28:2 get up and go to mesopotamia, to the house of bethuel, your mother ' s father, and take a woman there from the daughters of laban, your mother ' s brother laban.

Genesis 28:3 and may the all-powerful god give your thanks, make you great and multiply you, so that you may be a multitude of nations.

Genesis 28:4 he may give you the blessing of abraham, to you and to your descendants after you, so that you may possesse the land where you are foreigning, which god gave to abraham. "

Genesis 28:5 so isaac sent jacob, and he went to paddan-aram to laban, the son of bethuel the syrian, the brother of rebecca, mother of jacob and esau.

Genesis 28:6 when esau saw that isaac had blessed jacob and had brought him to paddan-aram to take for himself a wife there. when he blessed him, he commanded him, " do not take a wife from the daughters of canaan. "

Genesis 28:7 and that jacob heard his father and mother and went to mesopotamia.

Genesis 28:8 when esau saw that the daughters of canaan were evil before his father isaac,

Genesis 28:9 so esau went to ismael and took his wife to his women mahalath, daughter of abraham, the son of abraham, the sister of nebaioth.

Genesis 28:10 so jacob went out of beerseba and went to haran.

Genesis 28:11 after he came to a place and sat there, for the sun was passed. he took some of the stones of the place, placed it on his head and sat down at that place.

Genesis 28:12 then he drew a songe, and a row started in the earth, whose head was leading to heaven, and god ' s angels were coming down and descending on it.

Genesis 28:13 and look, the lord stood on it and said, " i am the lord, the god of your father abraham and the god of isaac. i will give it to you and to your descendants.

Genesis 28:14 your descendants will be like the sand of the earth, and you will be straight on the west, on the west, on the nord, and on the nouth, and all the tribes of the earth will be blessed in you and in your descendants.

Genesis 28:15 look, i am with you and will bear you where you go. i will bring you back to this land, for i will not forgive you until i have done what i have spoken to you. "

Genesis 28:16 when jacob was raised from his slaap, he said, " here is in this place, but i did not know it. "

Genesis 28:17 he was afraid and said, " how terrible is this place ! this is not only the house of god, and this is the door of heaven ! "

Genesis 28:18 the morning on the morning jacob got up and took the stone he had put on his head. he stapped him as a stone and poured oll on her.

Genesis 28:19 so jacob called that place bethel ( but the name of the city was first betel ).

Genesis 28:20 then jacob promised a promise, saying, " if god is with me and guards me on this way i am going and give me bread to eat and clothing to be clothed,

Genesis 28:21 and i will return in peace to my father ' s house, then the lord will be my god,

Genesis 28:22 and this stone i have establed for a stone will be a house of god, and i will give you the tighth of everything you give me. "

Genesis 29:1 so jacob stood his feet and went to the land of the east, to laban, the son of bethuel the syrian, a brother of rebecca, mother of jacob and esau.

Genesis 29:2 then he looked, and there was a well in the field. there were three sheep of sheep leading there, because they were eating the sheep from that well. a great stone was on the mouth of the well.

Genesis 29:3 when all the sheep were gathered there, they rolled the stone from the mouth of the well and drink the sheep. then they put the stone back on the mouth of the well to his place.

Genesis 29:4 jacob said to them, " brothers and sisters, where are you ? " they replied, " we are from haran. "

Genesis 29:5 he said to them, " do you know laban, the son of nahor ? " they replied, " we know. "

Genesis 29:6 he said to them, " is he well ? " they replied, " he is well. look, raquel his daughter comes with the sheep. "

Genesis 29:7 jacob said, " there is a great day, yet there is no time to gather the beast. drink the sheep, go and weight. "

Genesis 29:8 they replied, " we cannot find until all the shepherds are gathered, and they will turn the stone from the mouth of the well, and we will drink the sheep. "

Genesis 29:9 while he was still speaking to them, rachel went with the sheep of her father, for she was highing.

Genesis 29:10 when jacob saw rachel, the daughter of laban, his mother ' s brother laban, and the sheep of laban, his brother, he went up and rolled away the stone from the mouth of the well and drenged the sheep of laban, his mother ' s brother.

Genesis 29:11 so jacob loved rachel and raised his voice and weeped.

Genesis 29:12 jacob reported to rachel that he was a brother of her father and that he was a son of rebecka. so she went off and told his father these words.

Genesis 29:13 when laban heard about his sister ' s son jacob, he ran to help him, bound him, kysmed him, and kysmed him, and brought him into his home. so jacob reported to laban all these things.

Genesis 29:14 then laban said to him, " you are my ben and my flesh. " so he stayed with him a month month.

Genesis 29:15 then laban said to jacob, " because you are my brother, will you serve me without nothing ? tell me what is your reward. "

Genesis 29:16 now laban had two daughters. the minor name was lea and the younger was rachel.

Genesis 29:17 leah ' s eyes were weak, but rachel was good of mind and fear of face.

Genesis 29:18 so jacob loved rachel and said, " i will serve you seven years for rachel your minor daughter. "

Genesis 29:19 laban said, " it is better to give it to you than to give her another man. stay with me. "

Genesis 29:20 so jacob served for rachel seven years, and they were like a few days before him because he loved her.

Genesis 29:21 then jacob said to laban, " give my wife, for my days are fulfilled, so that i may come to her. "

Genesis 29:22 so laban gathered all the people of the place and made a banquet.

Genesis 29:23 when evening came, laban took his daughter lea and brought her to jacob. so jacob entered her.

Genesis 29:24 so laban gave his slavin zilpa to his daughter lea for his slave woman. )

Genesis 29:25 the morning when it came, there was lea. so he said to laban, " what did you done for me ? have i not served with you for rachel ? why then have you provoked me ? "

Genesis 29:26 laban replied, " it is not like this in our place to give the younger before the elder.

Genesis 29:27 completion this seventh, and i will give you the one too for the work that you will work with me seven other years. "

Genesis 29:28 so jacob did so. he completed this seed. then laban gave his daughter rachel as a wife to him.

Genesis 29:29 so laban gave his slave slavin bilha for his daughter rachel. )

Genesis 29:30 so jacob went to rachel and loved rachel more than lea and served for him seven years.

Genesis 29:31 when the lord saw that lea was hated, he opened her mouth, but rachel was barren.

Genesis 29:32 lea became birth and gave birth to a son, whom she named ruben ( because she said, " the lord has seen my affliction, now my husband will love me. "

Genesis 29:33 then she became frukteness again and gave birth to a son, " for the lord heard that i was hated, he has also given me this too. " so she called him simeon.

Genesis 29:34 she became very bear and gave birth to a son, saying, " now now my husband will be with me, because i have fathered him three sons. " therefore he called him levi.

Genesis 29:35 she became again and gave birth to a son, saying, " now i will praise the lord. " for this reason she called him juda. so she stood up to give the child.

Genesis 30:1 when rachel saw that she did not give the child to jacob, she became hard of her sister and said to jacob, " give me children ; if not, i will be killed. "

Genesis 30:2 jacob became encouraged to rachel and said, " am i in the place of god who has strengthened you the fruit of your enfant ? "

Genesis 30:3 she said, " look, here is my slaviness bilha. enter her, and she will be born on my knies, so that i too will have children for her. "

Genesis 30:4 so she gave his slave slavin bilha for her a wife, and jacob went to her.

Genesis 30:5 bilha became concebered and gave birth a son to jacob.

Genesis 30:6 then rachel said, " god has judged me, he has heard my voice and given a son to me. " therefore she called him dan.

Genesis 30:7 bilha, the slavin of rachel, became still concebered and gave birth to jacob a second son.

Genesis 30:8 then rachel said, " i have accompanied me with my sister and have strengthened. " so she named his name neftali.

Genesis 30:9 when lea saw that she was still to be born, she took her slaves zilpa and gave her to jacob as a wife.

Genesis 30:10 so zilpa, the slavin of lea, gave birth a son to jacob.

Genesis 30:11 and lea said, " it is bear ! " and she called him gad.

Genesis 30:12 so zilpa, the slavin of lea, gave a second son to jacob.

Genesis 30:13 then lea said, " blessed is i, because the women will give me blessed. " so she gave him asser.

Genesis 30:14 now when ruben went away at the reason of the reast of the weast, found a mandragors on the field and brought them to his mother lea. then rachel said to lea, " give me the mandragors of your son to me ! "

Genesis 30:15 but she replied, " is it not better for you that you received my husband ? are you to take the mandragours of my son ? " rachel replied, " therefore let she sit with you this night for the mandragores of your son. "

Genesis 30:16 when jacob came from the field to the evening, lea went out to meet him and said, " you will enter me, for i have reward you for my sons chargoits. " so he got down with her that night.

Genesis 30:17 god heard lea, and she became concebt and gave birth to jacob a fifth son.

Genesis 30:18 then lea said, " god has given my reward because i gave my slaves to my husband. " so she called him issachar.

Genesis 30:19 lea became still concebered and became birth to jacob a sixth son.

Genesis 30:20 then lea said, " god has given me a good gift. now now my husband will bear me, because i have fathered for him six sons. " so she gave him the name zebulon.

Genesis 30:21 then she gave birth to a daughter and called her name dina.

Genesis 30:22 but god remembered rachel, and god heard her and opened her mouth.

Genesis 30:23 she became shepherd and gave a son, and she said, " god has taken away my spoke. "

Genesis 30:24 and she named him joseph, saying, " let the lord be given to me another son. "

Genesis 30:25 now when rachel had born joseph, jacob said to laban, " send me away, so i may go to my place and to my land.

Genesis 30:26 give my women and my children for whom i served you, so that i may go away, because you know the service i have served for you. "

Genesis 30:27 laban said to him, " if i have found grace in your eyes, i have seized that the lord has blessed me for your sake. "

Genesis 30:28 repay my pay to me, and i will give it. "

Genesis 30:29 jacob said to him, " you know how i have served you and how your feet have been with me.

Genesis 30:30 for there is a little constance that you have before me and has become great creature. and the lord blessed you by my feet. now how then should i do for my own house ? "

Genesis 30:31 laban said, " what should i give you ? " jacob replied, " do not give me anything. if you make this way, i will also shepherd your sheep and bear it.

Genesis 30:32 the whole sheep of your sheep should today and divided every sheep and clearing sheep of the bears. it will be my reward.

Genesis 30:33 and my righteousness will respond to me on the next day when my reward will be in your presence. whatever does not be hidden or speaking among the bears and fearing among the bears, i will be invited by me. "

Genesis 30:34 laban said, " let it be just as you said. "

Genesis 30:35 in that day he divided the stumbling and clecked boats and all the clean and white boats and all who were white among the bears and gave them in his sons.

Genesis 30:36 he made a way of three days among him and jacob. jacob passed the rest of laban ' s sheep.

Genesis 30:37 so jacob gathered a food of green hades, a clow, and the plath, and stapped them in white white, so that the white that he had breathed was known on the branches.

Genesis 30:38 after the sheep came to drink, he placed the staves that he had breated in the waters of the waters, as the sheep came to drink.

Genesis 30:39 the sheep gathered in the scepters and died sheep, various and various sheep.

Genesis 30:40 so jacob divided the boats and stood in the presence of the sheep a carge flock and every various flock among the sheep of laban. so he divided his sheep for himself and did not destroy them with the sheep of laban.

Genesis 30:41 now when the sheep were pregnant, jacob placed the staves in the presence of the sheep, so that the sheep were present in the scrolles.

Genesis 30:42 but when the sheep were fathering, he did not put it. so the food was to laban, and the leading to jacob.

Genesis 30:43 so the man was greatly rich, and he had many bears, slaves, slaves, camels, and esels.

Genesis 31:1 now jacob heard the words of the sons of laban, saying, " jacob has received everything the possessed of our father, and from the possessions of our father has made all this glory. "

Genesis 31:2 so jacob saw that the face of laban was not with him like gister-forever.

Genesis 31:3 then the lord said to jacob, " return to your father ' s land and to your descendants, and i will be with you. "

Genesis 31:4 so jacob sent and called rachel and lea to the field to his sheep.

Genesis 31:5 he said to them, " i see that your father is not against me like gistery, but the god of my father has been with me.

Genesis 31:6 and you know that i have served your father in all my power.

Genesis 31:7 but your father rejected me and taught my reward ten times. but god did not give him to do me evil.

Genesis 31:8 if he said so, ' the various sheep will be your reward, ' then all the sheep became white. and if he said so, ' the white will be your reward, ' then all the sheep became white.

Genesis 31:9 so god rejected the beast of your father and gave them to me.

Genesis 31:10 when the sheep were suffering, i looked up and looked up in the droom, and look that the boats that were opposed the sheep and the boats were various, various, and sure.

Genesis 31:11 the angel of god said to me in the dorm, jacob, " i answered, ' here i am ! '

Genesis 31:12 he said, leave up your eyes and see : all the boats that grow the sheep of the sheep, are broken, broken, and sure. for i have seen everything laban has done for you.

Genesis 31:13 i am the god of betel, where you anointed a tepe and where you gave me a promise. get up, go out of this land and return to your nation, and i will be with you. "

Genesis 31:14 raquel and lea answered him, " do we still have part or possession in our father ' s house ?

Genesis 31:15 did we not think him as foreigners ? for he loved us and devored our money.

Genesis 31:16 for all the wealth god has taken away to our father will be us and our children. therefore do everything god said to you. "

Genesis 31:17 so jacob stood up and placed his children and his wives on the camels.

Genesis 31:18 he brought all his possessions, all his possessions that he had rejected in mesopotamia, to go to his father isaac in the land of canaan.

Genesis 31:19 when laban had gone out to strick his sheep, rachel seized the idols of her father.

Genesis 31:20 so jacob hid laban the syrian, not to tell him that he was going away.

Genesis 31:21 so he went off with everything he possessed. he went over the river and went to the mountain of gilead.

Genesis 31:22 the third day they told laban that jacob had flowed.

Genesis 31:23 so he took with himself his brothers and followed him seven days, and took him in the mountain of gilead.

Genesis 31:24 but god came to laban the syrian in a hair at the night and said to him, " beware that you will not speak evil to jacob or evil. "

Genesis 31:25 so laban recognized jacob, and jacob had placed his tent on the mountain, and laban and his brothers were in the mountain of gilead.

Genesis 31:26 then laban said to jacob, " what did you doing ? you have left me and brought my daughters like captives of the sword ? "

Genesis 31:27 if you have proclaimed me, i have sent you out with joy, harp, harp, and cithars ?

Genesis 31:28 you have not allowed me to kiss my children and my daughters ? you have done a foolish.

Genesis 31:29 my hand is able to do you evil, but the god of your father said to me fistery, ' beware that you will not speak evil to jacob or evil. '

Genesis 31:30 now now you have desired to go, for you were desired to go to your father ' s house. why have you seiled my gods ? "

Genesis 31:31 so jacob said to laban, " for i had afraid that you would take away your daughters from me.

Genesis 31:32 but if you find your gods, he should not live. in the presence of our brothers know what is your possessions and take it ! " but jacob did not know that rachel had seized them.

Genesis 31:33 so laban entered jacob ' s tent, in the tent of lea, and in the tent of the two slaves, but found nothing. then he went out of the tent of lea and went into the tent of rachel.

Genesis 31:34 but rachel took the idols and put them into the offerings of the camel, and he sat down on them.

Genesis 31:35 she said to her father, " i cannot stand up before you, lord ' s father, for i cannot stand up before you, because i have the will of women. " so she eunied, but found the idols.

Genesis 31:36 so jacob became encouraged and addressed laban. then jacob said to laban, " what is my transgression, what is my sin that you persecuted me ?

Genesis 31:37 if you have kept all my miracles, what have you found from everything that is in your house ? put it here before my brothers and your brothers, so they will judge among us two.

Genesis 31:38 i have been with you for three years. your sheep and your bears were not children, and i have not eaten the bodies of your sheep.

Genesis 31:39 i did not bring a divided of gathered to you. i destroyed from me tacks of day and tags in the night.

Genesis 31:40 when i appeared at the morning, the night and the night, and the rain left from my eyes.

Genesis 31:41 " i have been twenty years in your house. four years i served you for your two daughters and sex years for your sheep, but you have rejected my reward ten times.

Genesis 31:42 if the god of my father, the god of abraham, and the fear of isaac, would not be with me, you would have rejected me toward vain. god has seen my affliction and the work of my hands, and revealed you fistery.

Genesis 31:43 then laban said to jacob, " the daughters are my daughters and the sons are my sons, and the beast is my beast, and everything you see is mine. but what should i do today to my daughters or their children that they have given ?

Genesis 31:44 now come, let us make a covenant, i and you, and it will be a witness among me and you. " he said to him, " look, there is no one with us. god may see a witness among me and you. "

Genesis 31:45 so jacob took a stone and made it a stone.

Genesis 31:46 then jacob said to his brothers, " gather stones ! " so they gathered stones and made a mountain, and ate there on the mountain.

Genesis 31:47 so laban called him jegar-sahaduta, but jacob called it gal-sahaduta.

Genesis 31:48 then laban said, " look, this coll i have put among me and you testify this mountain. " for this reason it was called galaad.

Genesis 31:49 and serah, because he said, ' may the lord put among me and you, whenever we will turn one another from another. '

Genesis 31:50 if you humble my daughters, if you take wives for my daughters, though there is no one who is with us.

Genesis 31:52 if i will not go to you, or you will not enter me this mountain or this call for evil. '

Genesis 31:53 the god of abraham and the god of nahor, the god of nahor, to judge among us. " and jacob swore by fear of his father isaac.

Genesis 31:54 so jacob offered a sacrifice on the mountain, and called his brothers to eat. they ate and laid down on the mountain.

Genesis 31:55 the morning on the morning laban got up and kissed his sons and his daughters and blessed them. then laban returned and went to his place.

Genesis 32:1 in the same way, jacob went to his way, and when he looked, he saw the leading of the lord dressed in his camp, and the angels of god accompanied him.

Genesis 32:2 when he saw them, jacob said, " this is the leading of god. " so he called that place mahanaim.

Genesis 32:3 now jacob sent angels before him to his brother esau in the land of seir, the region of edom.

Genesis 32:4 in the same order, he commanded them, saying, ' say to my lord esau, ' so says your servant jacob, ' i have assed with laban and stayed until now.

Genesis 32:5 in the same way, i have bears, esels, sheep, slaves, and slaves, and i sent to tell my lord esau to find grace in your eyes. "

Genesis 32:6 the messagers returned to jacob and said, " we have come to your brother esau. he is going to help you, and with him are four hundred man. "

Genesis 32:7 when jacob was greatly afraid, he was afraid. he divided the people who were with him, the sheep, the sheep, and the sheep.

Genesis 32:8 in the same way, jacob said, " if esau comes to one camp and cut it, then the second camp will be saved. "

Genesis 32:9 jacob replied, " god of abraham my father, the god of my father isaac, and god of my father isaac, lord, who said to me, ' go back to your land and to your nation, and i will make you good ! '

Genesis 32:10 i am enough of all the righteousness and all the truth you have done for your servant. for i went through this jordan with my staff, but now i became two leaders.

Genesis 32:11 make me away from my brother esau. for i are afraid of him that he does not come and struck me, both mother with children.

Genesis 32:12 you will be just as you said, ' i will be well to you, and i will make your descendants like the sand of the sea that will not be numered because of the large group. '

Genesis 32:13 that night he stood there and dured that night. he took from what he brought and gave a gift to his brother esau.

Genesis 32:14 two hundred bats and twenty boats, two hundred sheep and two boats,

Genesis 32:15 seventy camels, fearing, with their children, five bœufs, ten backs, twenty bows, and ten collects.

Genesis 32:16 he gave them in the hand of his servants, each flock alone. he said to his servants, " go before me and make a distinction among sheep and sheep. "

Genesis 32:17 the first order he commanded the first, saying, ' if esau, my brother, comes to you and ask you, ' who are you ? where are you ? and who are these things before you ? '

Genesis 32:18 you will say to your servant jacob : it is a gift that he has sent to my lord esau, and he himself follow us.

Genesis 32:19 the first and the third, and to all who followed these sheep, he commanded the first and the third, and to all who followed these sheep, saying, ' speak to esau when you find him.

Genesis 32:20 in order you will say, ' look, your servant jacob comes after us. ' for he said, ' i will reconciliate him with the gift that is going ahead of him. then i will see his face, if he will accept me. '

Genesis 32:21 this very night the gift was passing before him, but he died that night in the camp.

Genesis 32:22 in that very night he stood and took his two wives, his two slaves, his elf children, and passed through the door of jabbok.

Genesis 32:23 he walked over them and took them. he went over the river and passed through all his possessions.

Genesis 32:24 immediately, jacob left, and a man started with him until the next morning.

Genesis 32:25 when he saw that he was not able to make him, he touched the heup of his heup, and the break of jacob difficked when he stared with him.

Genesis 32:26 when it was to it, he said to him, " send me, for the morning is ascended. " but he replied, " i will not send you unless you blessed me. "

Genesis 32:27 when he was, he said to him, " what is your name ? " he replied, " jacob. "

Genesis 32:28 thus he said to him : " your name will not be jacob, but israel, because you have strengthened with god and with people and has been forced. "

Genesis 32:29 when he was something, jacob asked, " tell me your name. " he replied, " why do you ask my name ? " so he blessed him there.

Genesis 32:30 he was in the journey, and jacob called that place peniel ( for he said, " for i saw god face to face, and my life has escaped. "

Genesis 32:31 when the sun reached peniel, the sun stopped him, because he passed the penuel, but he revealed his hock.

Genesis 32:32 the people of israel will not eat the strick that is on the heup of the part until this day, because he touched the foot of jacob ' s heup in the foot.

Genesis 33:1 when jacob looked up he saw esau coming with 400 man. so he divided the children over lea, rachel, and the two slaves.

Genesis 33:2 he made the slaves and their children in the first way, leah and her children after it, and rachel and joseph last.

Genesis 33:3 but he went out before them and worshiped seven times to the ground until he approached his brother.

Genesis 33:4 so esau ran out to help him, threw him down, fell on his neck and kissed him, and they weeped.

Genesis 33:5 when he looked up, he saw the women and the children, and said, " who are these for you ? " he replied, " the children god has given to your servant. "

Genesis 33:6 so the slaves and their children came and worshiped.

Genesis 33:7 then lea and her children came and worshiped. then joseph and rachel approached and worshiped.

Genesis 33:8 saul asked, " what is this for all the leaders i have completed ? " jacob replied, " that i may find grace in the eyes of my lord. "

Genesis 33:9 so esau said, " i have many, my brother, let your possessions be your. "

Genesis 33:10 jacob replied, " if i have found grace in your eyes, receive your gift by my hand. for this reason i saw your face like if someone saw god ' s face, and you were pleasing to me.

Genesis 33:11 take my blessing that i brought to you, for god has compassed me, and i have all things. " so he asked him, and he took him.

Genesis 33:12 he said, " let us go, and let us go in front. "

Genesis 33:13 but saul said to him, " my lord knows that the little children are true, and that the sheep and the bears are with me. if they persecute them for one day, all the birds will be put to death.

Genesis 33:14 my lord must go before my slave, but i will be strengthened by the way that are before me and the drink of the children, until i come to my lord in seir. "

Genesis 33:15 esau said, " i will leave with you some of the people who are with me. " he replied, " why is this ? for i have found grace in the eyes of my lord. "

Genesis 33:16 so in that day esau returned and went to seir.

Genesis 33:17 but jacob went to succoth and made a house for himself, and made hyths for his beast. for this reason he called that place suckot.

Genesis 33:18 so when jacob came from mesopotamia, jacob went to the city of sichem, which is in the land of canaan, when he came from mesopotamia, and placed his camp before the city.

Genesis 33:19 he completed the possession of the field where he had revealed his tabernacle, from the son of hamor, the father of shekem, for a hundred lammers.

Genesis 33:20 so he restayed there a altar, and he called el-elo-israel.

Genesis 34:1 so dina, daughter of lea, whom she had given to jacob, went out to see the daughters of the country.

Genesis 34:2 then shekem, the son of hemor the horeo, the ruler, saw her. he took her and sat with her and humbled her.

Genesis 34:3 so his mind refused to dina, the daughter of jacob, and he loved the virgin and spoke this virgin ' s mind.

Genesis 34:4 then shekem said to his father hamor, " take this slave to me as a wife ! "

Genesis 34:5 now jacob heard that he had rejected his daughter dina. but when his sons were with his feet in the field, jacob was silent until they came.

Genesis 34:6 then hamor, the father of sichem, went out to jacob to speak to him.

Genesis 34:7 when the sons of jacob came from the field when they heard it, the men were distressed and became greatly distressed, because he had done a discussion in israel, leaving with the daughter of jacob.

Genesis 34:8 then hamor said to them, " my son shekem is delighted for your daughter. give her her to her a wife.

Genesis 34:9 and bow us with us. give us your fils and take our fils to your sons.

Genesis 34:10 live in us, and the earth is in your presence. live and stop in it and possess possessions in it. "

Genesis 34:11 then sikem said to her father and her brothers, " let i find grace before you, and i will give what you say.

Genesis 34:12 " make great office, and i will give whatever you say to me, and give me this child to be a wife. "

Genesis 34:13 so the sons of jacob replied to shekem and his father hamor with deceit, because he had defiled dina sister.

Genesis 34:14 and said to them, " we cannot do this to give our sister to a man who is uncircumcised, for this is a confusion for us.

Genesis 34:15 by this we will be like you, if every child of you is circumcised, we will be like us.

Genesis 34:16 then we will give you our daughters and take your daughters for us, and we will live with you and become one people.

Genesis 34:17 but if you do not obey us to circumcision, we take our daughter and go. "

Genesis 34:18 the words of his words were good to hamor and to sikem, the son of hamor.

Genesis 34:19 the young man did not carry to do this, for he had looking for jacob ' s daughter. he was greater than all the people in his father ' s house.

Genesis 34:20 then hamor and his son shekem went to the city of their town and spoke to the people of their town, saying,

Genesis 34:21 " these men are pacifious with us. they should live on the earth and arrest it, because the land is pleasing for them. we will take their daughters for women and give them our daughters.

Genesis 34:22 but only in this way the men will be like us to live with us and to be one people, and every mannilahy of us will be circumcised, as they are circumcised.

Genesis 34:23 their feet, their possessions, and all their birds will be our ? only in this way we will be like them, so they will live with us. "

Genesis 34:24 so all who went out of the city of his town heard hemor and his son sikem, and all the men who went out of the city of his town.

Genesis 34:25 the third day when they were bound, the two sons of jacob, simeon and levi, the brothers of dina, took each his sword, and went self-controlled into the city and killed all who were manners.

Genesis 34:26 they killed both hamor and his son shekem with the sword of the sword, and they took dina from the house of shekem and went out.

Genesis 34:27 so the sons of jacob went to those who were killed and destroyed the city because they had defiled their sister.

Genesis 34:28 they took their sheep, their boves, their esels, everything that was in the city, and everything that was on the field.

Genesis 34:29 and all their children, their children, their wives and their wives were captives, and they divided everything that was in the tousehold.

Genesis 34:30 then jacob said to simeon and levi, " you have hated me to hate with the people of the earth, the canaan, and the pherezians. but i am a little number. when they assemble against me they will kill me, and i will be killed, i and my family. "

Genesis 34:31 they replied, " it will repay our sister like a prostitute ? "

Genesis 35:1 then god said to jacob, " get up and get up to bethel and live there. make a altar to god who appeared to you when you fuke from your brother esau. "

Genesis 35:2 then jacob said to his home, and to all who were with him, " take the others who are with you from among you, clean yourselves and reject your clothes.

Genesis 35:3 let us stand up and get up to bethel. there i will make a altar to god who heard me on the day of my benefit and was with me on the way i went. "

Genesis 35:4 so they gave all the others who were in their hands, and the ringe they had in their ears. jacob taken them down by the terebintain that is in shekem.

Genesis 35:5 then they went away. there was fear of god over the towns around them, and they did not follow the people of israel.

Genesis 35:6 so jacob and all the people who were with him came to luz ( that is bethel ), he and all the people who were with him.

Genesis 35:7 he built a altar there and called the place bethhel, for there god appeared to him when he ran from his brother.

Genesis 35:8 so debora, the wife of rebecca, died and entered bethel under the gate, whose name was called alon-aluth.

Genesis 35:9 god appeared to jacob again in luz when he came from mesopotamia, and blessed him.

Genesis 35:10 and god said to him, " your name will be jacob. you will not be again called jacob, but israel will be your name. "

Genesis 35:11 then god said to him, " i am the all-powerful god. be grow and multiply. a nations and a multitude of nations will come from you, and kings will come out of your heads.

Genesis 35:12 the land i have given to abraham and isaac i will give you, and to your descendants after you i will give this land. "

Genesis 35:13 so god went up from him from the place where he had spoken with him.

Genesis 35:14 jacob rebuked a stone in the place where he had spoken with him, a stone of stone, and offered tranquet on it and poured olive oil on it.

Genesis 35:15 so jacob called the place where god spoke with him, bethhel.

Genesis 35:16 so they left bethel. and when there was a distance to come to ephrata, rachel became birth, and she was encouraged in their devotion.

Genesis 35:17 now when she was hard to be birth, the daughter said to her, " do not be afraid, for this man is your son. "

Genesis 35:18 now when her life was leaving, she was died, she called him ben-oni, but his father called him benjamin.

Genesis 35:19 so rachel died and was buried on the way to ephrata ( that is bethlehem ).

Genesis 35:20 so jacob represented a stone on her tomb. this is the grap of rachel ' s tomb until this day.

Genesis 35:22 now when israel remained in that country, ruben went and lived with bilha his father ' s wife. when israel heard this, the sons of jacob were twelve.

Genesis 35:23 the sons of lea, the firstborn of jacob, was : ruben, simeon, levi, juda, issachar, zebulon,

Genesis 35:24 the sons of rachel were joseph and benjamin.

Genesis 35:25 the sons of bilha, rachel ' s slavin, was dan and neftali.

Genesis 35:26 and the sons of zilpa, lives of lea, were gad and aser. these were the sons of jacob who were given to him in paddan-aram.

Genesis 35:27 so jacob came to his father isaac in mamre, to kiriat-arba ( that is hebron ) where abraham and isaac had foreignated.

Genesis 35:28 so isaac became about hundred and forty-foventy years.

Genesis 35:29 then isaac destroyed and died and was called to his people, old and full of days, and his sons esau and jacob buried him.

Genesis 36:1 this is the generations of esau ( which is edom ).

Genesis 36:2 esau took his wives from the daughters of the canaan : ada, daughter of elon the heth, and oholibama the daughter of ana, son of sibeon the heviet,

Genesis 36:3 and basmath, fill of ishmael, sister of nebajoth.

Genesis 36:4 ada became the father of eliphas to esau, basmat the father of reguel,

Genesis 36:5 oholibama was the father of jeus, jalam, and korah. these were the sons of esau who were fathered to him in the land of canaan.

Genesis 36:6 so esau took his women, his sons, his daughters, all the body of his house, his possessions, his beast, all his possessions he had completed in the land of canaan, and went to the land of canaan from his brother jacob.

Genesis 36:7 for their possessions were many to live together, and the land where they were foreigners could not take them away because of their great possessions.

Genesis 36:8 so esau stayed in the mountain of seir. esau is edom.

Genesis 36:9 this is the generations of esau, the father of edom, in the mountain of seir.

Genesis 36:10 these are the name of esau ' s sons : eliphas, the son of ada, a wife of esau, and reuel, the son of esau ' s wife basmath.

Genesis 36:11 the sons of eliphas were teman, omar, sefo, gatham, and kenaz.

Genesis 36:12 thimna was a wife of eliphas, son of esau, and she gave the son of amalek to eliphas. these were the sons of ada, the wife of esau.

Genesis 36:13 these were the sons of reuel : nahat, zerah, samma, and mizza. these were the sons of basemata, the wife of esau.

Genesis 36:14 these were the sons of oholibama, daughter of ana, son of sibeon, wife of esau. she gave to esau jeus, jalam, and korah.

Genesis 36:15 these were the counters of esau ' s sons. eliphas, the child of esau, were the cuchild of teman, omar, sefo, kenaz,

Genesis 36:16 korah, gatham, amalek. these were eliphaz furthers in the land edom. these were the sons of ada.

Genesis 36:17 these were the sons of reuel, son of esau : cuchild nahat, zerah, samma and mizza. these were the stammemen of reguel in edom. these were the sons of basmath, wife of esau.

Genesis 36:18 these were the sons of oholibama, wife of esau : the council jeus, jalam, korah. these were the stammemen of oholibama.

Genesis 36:19 these are the sons of esau, and these are their counhers. ( this is edom ).

Genesis 36:20 these were the sons of seir the horeo who habited the land : lotan, sobal, sibeon, ana,

Genesis 36:21 dishon, eser, disan. these were the rulers of the horites, the sons of seir in the region of edom.

Genesis 36:22 the sons of lotan were hori and hemam. the sister of lotan was timna.

Genesis 36:23 and these were the sons of sobal : alvan, manahath, ebal, sefo, and onam.

Genesis 36:24 these were the sons of zibeon : aja and ana. this was the ana who found mights in the wilderness when he beared his father zibeon ' s bokken.

Genesis 36:25 these were the sons of ana : dison and oholibama, a daughter of ana.

Genesis 36:26 these were the sons of dison : hemdan, esban, jitran, and keran.

Genesis 36:27 these were the sons of eser : bilhan, zaavan, and akan.

Genesis 36:28 these were the sons of disan : us and aran.

Genesis 36:29 these were the counters of the horites : cuchild lotan, shobal, sibeon, ana,

Genesis 36:30 dison, eser, disan. these were the culer of the horites, their culer in the region of edom.

Genesis 36:31 these are the kings who reigned in edom before a king reigned to the people of israel :

Genesis 36:32 bela, the son of beor, reigned in edom, and the name of his city was dinhaba.

Genesis 36:33 when bela died, jobab, the son of zerah, from bosra, reigned in his place.

Genesis 36:34 when jobab mored, husham from the region of the temanites, reigned in his place.

Genesis 36:35 when husam mored, hadad, the son of bedad, who destroyed the midians in the country of moab. his city ' s name was avit.

Genesis 36:36 when hadad mored, samla from masreka reigned in his place.

Genesis 36:37 when samla mored, saul from rehoboth by the river, reigned in his place.

Genesis 36:38 when saul died, baal-hanan, the son of achbor, became king in his place.

Genesis 36:39 when baal-hanan, the son of achbor, died, and hadar reigned in his place. his city was peor, and the name of his wife was mehetabel, a daughter of matred son of mezahab.

Genesis 36:40 these were the noms of the rulers of esau, according to their tribes, their regions, their nations : thimna, alva, jeteth,

Genesis 36:41 oholibama, ela, pinon,

Genesis 36:42 kenaz, teman, mibzar,

Genesis 36:43 magdiel, iram. these were the culer of edom in their possessions in their possessions. this is esau the father of edom.

Genesis 37:1 so jacob died in the land where his father was foreigning, in the land of canaan.

Genesis 37:2 this is the generations of jacob. joseph, when he was seven years, he walked the sheep with his brothers. he was a ung with the sons of bilhas and the sons of zilphas, the wife of his father. joseph brought the evil things to their father.

Genesis 37:3 now jacob loved joseph greater than all his own sons, because he was his old son. so he made a broken clothing to him.

Genesis 37:4 when his brothers saw that their father loved them more than all his sons, they hated him and could not speak peace to him.

Genesis 37:5 joseph made a droom, and he told his brothers.

Genesis 37:6 he said to them, " listen to this train that i have seen :

Genesis 37:7 we were imprisoning snopes in the middle, and my garm stood up and stood up, and your garns were taken up and worshiped my garf.

Genesis 37:8 his brothers said to him, " will you reign over us ? or will you lord over us ? " so they hated him still because of his drunds and for his words.

Genesis 37:9 then he saw another droom and forced it to his brothers and sisters. he said, " i have shown another drunker. just as the sun and the moon and elf stars worshiped me. "

Genesis 37:10 and he rebuked his father and your brothers. then his father rebuked him and said, " what is this train you have seen ? should we come with your mother and your brothers to worship you to the earth ? "

Genesis 37:11 his brothers feared him, but his father expected this way.

Genesis 37:12 so his brothers went to their father ' s sheep to sichem.

Genesis 37:13 israel said to joseph, " do your brothers not warm in sichem ? come, i will send you to them. " he replied, " here i am ! "

Genesis 37:14 so israel said to him, " go and see if your brothers and sheep are well, and tell me it. " so he sent him out of hebron, and he came to shekem.

Genesis 37:15 a man found him deceiving in the field, and the man asked him, " what do you look ? "

Genesis 37:16 he said, " i am trying to live my brothers. tell me where they are weight. "

Genesis 37:17 the man said, " they have left here, because i heard them say, ' let us go to dotan. " so joseph went away after his brothers and found them in dotan.

Genesis 37:18 when they saw him from a distance, before he approached them, they began to kill him.

Genesis 37:19 they said to each other, " look, the drunker is coming !

Genesis 37:20 now come, let us kill him and throw him into one of the grouts and say, ' a evil beast has eating it. then we will see what will happen with his drunks. "

Genesis 37:21 but when ruben heard this, he released him from their hand and said, " let us not kill him ! "

Genesis 37:22 then ruben said to them, " do not blood blood ! throw him into this cistery that is in the wilderness, but do not get his hand to him ! " so he intended to save him out of their hands and repay him to his father.

Genesis 37:23 when joseph came to his brothers, they threw his clothing off joseph, the broken clothing that was around him,

Genesis 37:24 so they took him and throwed him into the ground. the cisterna was toward, there was no water.

Genesis 37:25 when they sat down to eat, they looked up and saw a ismaels who was coming from gilead, and their camels were proclaimed of incense, balsam, and stone. they went to bring them into egypt.

Genesis 37:26 then judah said to his brothers, " what good is it if we kill our brother and secrey his blood ?

Genesis 37:27 come, let us give him to the ismaelites, but do not have our hands on him, because he is our brother and flesh. " and his brothers heard this.

Genesis 37:28 when the madianitians, the merchants, went over and brought joseph out of the ground and sold joseph to the ismaelites for twenty silver coins, and they brought joseph to egypt.

Genesis 37:29 when ruben returned to the ground, joseph was not in the ground. so he tore his clothes.

Genesis 37:30 then he returned to his brothers and said, " the child is not there, and i, where should i go ? "

Genesis 37:31 so they took joseph ' s clothing and struck a kec and cut the clothing in the blood.

Genesis 37:32 so they sent the broken clothing and brought this to their father, saying, " we have found this. reach if it is the clothing of your son or not. "

Genesis 37:33 then he realized him and said, " it is the clothes of my son ! a evil beast has devored him ! joseph has been taken away ! "

Genesis 37:34 then jacob strapped his clothes, put a sack sack around his heupe and mourning his son for many days.

Genesis 37:35 then all his sons and all his daughters went together to encourage him, but he did not want to be exhorted, but said, " i will come down with mourning to my son into the hades ! " so his father weeped over him.

Genesis 37:36 but the midjanites sold joseph into egypt to potifar the eunuch of pharaoh, a ruler of the officers.

Genesis 38:1 at that time judas went down from his brothers and went to a adullam man named hira.

Genesis 38:2 now judas saw a daughter of a cananeo named sua. he took her and went to her.

Genesis 38:3 she became frukteness and gave birth to a son, whom he named er.

Genesis 38:4 she became again and gave birth to a son, whom she named onan.

Genesis 38:5 then she gave birth to a son again and called him sela. ( now she was in chezib when she was born.

Genesis 38:6 judas took a wife to er his firstborn er, the name of tamar.

Genesis 38:7 now er, the firstborn of judah, was evil before the lord, and god killed him.

Genesis 38:8 then judah said to onan, " go to your brother ' s wife and marry with her, and rebuild children for your brother. "

Genesis 38:9 but onan realized that the descendant would not be his. when he entered his brother ' s wife, he poured out to the earth from not to give his brother children.

Genesis 38:10 it was wrong in the eyes of the lord that he had done, and he died him too.

Genesis 38:11 then judah said to his bridegroom tamar, " stay widow in your father ' s house until shela my son will be great. " for he said, " unless this man too dies as his brothers. " so thamar went and remained in her father ' s house.

Genesis 38:12 after several days, saul, the wife of judah, died. when judah was consoled, he went up to his sheep, he and his shepherd hira the adullamita.

Genesis 38:13 then the man was revealed to tamar, saying, " look, your mother-in-law is going up to timna to tossing his sheep. "

Genesis 38:14 then she healed her wedued clothes, clothed around with a scroll and clothed it and sat down at the door of enaim, at the road of timnah. she saw that silo had become great, but she did not give her to her a wife.

Genesis 38:15 when judah saw her, she thought her that she was a prostitute, for she had revealed her face.

Genesis 38:16 so he turned to her the way and said, " let me come to you. " ( for he knew that it was his bridegroom ). she asked, " what can you give me if you come to me ? "

Genesis 38:17 he said, " i will send a kept of the sheep from the sheep. " she replied, " if you give a staff until you send it ? "

Genesis 38:18 he asked, " what measure will i give you ? " she replied, " your signs, your ring, your staff, and your staff that are in your hand. " so he gave her this and went to her, and she became swanger from him.

Genesis 38:19 so she got up and went away, threw the scroll from her and put on her widow ' s clothes.

Genesis 38:20 then judah sent the kec in the hand of his shepherd the adullamita to take the staff from the woman. but he did not find it.

Genesis 38:21 he asked the people of the place, " where is the prostitute that was on enaim by the road ? " they replied, " there is no prostitute there. "

Genesis 38:22 so he returned to judah and said, " i did not find it, and even the men of the place said, ' there is no prostitute there. "

Genesis 38:23 judah said, " let it be, so that we may not be revealed. i have sent this boat, but you did not see it. "

Genesis 38:24 after three months they were told to judah, saying, " your bridegrow tamar has committed sexual immorality, and she has been swanger from sexual immorality. " then judah said, " bring her out and let she be burned. "

Genesis 38:25 when she had led this, she sent a message to her mother-in-law, saying, " i am pregnant from the man who are these things. "

Genesis 38:26 judah realized this and said, " she is more righteous than i am, because i did not give her to my son sela. " so he did not realize her.

Genesis 38:27 now when she was born, a daughter had in her mouth.

Genesis 38:28 as she was born, one exported his hand. then the daughter took and placed in his hand a scarlet clothing, saying, " this man has gone out first ! "

Genesis 38:29 but when he gathered his hand, his brother came out. and she said, " why have you destroyed ? " so he called his name peres.

Genesis 38:30 after this his brother who had a scarlet clothing in his hand, came out. and he called his name zerah.

Genesis 39:1 now joseph, the officer of pharaoh, the officer of the guards, a egyptian, forced him from the hand of the ismaelites who had brought him there.

Genesis 39:2 so the lord was with joseph, and he was a certain man who was in the house of his master the egyptian.

Genesis 39:3 now his master realized that the lord was with him, and that all the things he had done, the lord was faithful in his hand.

Genesis 39:4 joseph found favor before his lord and wanted to serve him. he put him over his house, and put in his hand everything he possessed.

Genesis 39:5 now after he had put him over his house and over everything he possessed, the lord blessed the egypt ' s house for joseph ' s sake. the blessing of the lord was in everything he possessed, in the house and in the field.

Genesis 39:6 so joseph permitted everything he possessed in joseph ' s hand, and he did not know anything except the bread that he had eaten. so joseph was better to see and experience.

Genesis 39:7 after these things the wife of his master looked up at joseph and said, " put down with me. "

Genesis 39:8 but he refused and said to his master ' s wife, " look, my master does not know nothing in his house, and he has given all his possessions in my hand.

Genesis 39:9 there is no more than me in this house, and he has not taken away to me anything except you, because you were his wife. how can i then do this evil thing and sin against god ? "

Genesis 39:10 now while she was speaking to joseph day after day, he did not obey her to sit with her and become with her,

Genesis 39:11 a day after this joseph went into the house to work his work, and there was no one of the house.

Genesis 39:12 she struck him at his clothing, saying, " put down with me. " but he left his clothes in her hand and flowed out and went outside.

Genesis 39:13 when she saw that he had left his clothes in her hand and went out outside,

Genesis 39:14 she called the husbands and said to them, " look, he has brought us a hebrew to stop us. he has come to me to shone with me, but i looked with a loud voice.

Genesis 39:15 when he heard that i raised my voice and shouted out, he left his clothes at me and flowed out and went outside.

Genesis 39:16 she threw his cloak around her, until his master came to his house.

Genesis 39:17 she told him these words, saying, " the hebrew slave whom you have brought me came to me to spoke me. " he said to me, " i will go with you. "

Genesis 39:18 but when i raised my voice, he left his clothes by me and flow outside. "

Genesis 39:19 when his master heard the words of his wife that she had spoken to him, saying, " your servant has done this to me, " he became enflamed.

Genesis 39:20 so joseph ' s lord took him and put him into the prison, where the prisoners of the king were sitting. he was there in the prison.

Genesis 39:21 but the lord was with joseph and poured his mercy on him, and he gave him grace before the ruler of the prison.

Genesis 39:22 the ruler of the prison gave joseph all the prisoners in the prison, and everything they were done there.

Genesis 39:23 the chief prison of the prison knew nothing of everything that was in his hand, because the lord was with him, and the lord happened what he was doing.

Genesis 40:1 after these things the king of egypt and the baker were sinned against their lord the king of egypt.

Genesis 40:2 so pharaoh indigned his two eunuchs, the officers of the munquers, and over the back of the backs.

Genesis 40:3 he put them in prison in the house of the guard of the prison, in the prison where joseph had been killed.

Genesis 40:4 the governor of the prison rebuked joseph to them and he served them. they were there a day in prison.

Genesis 40:5 in one night the head of the muney and the baker of the king of egypt who were in prison saw each one ' s traom in one night.

Genesis 40:6 when joseph came to them in the morning, he saw them, and they were troubled.

Genesis 40:7 then he asked pharaons ' s officiers who were with him in prison in the house of his master, saying, " why are your faces suffering today ? "

Genesis 40:8 they replied, " we have seen a droom, but there is no one who interpretes him. " joseph said to them, " is it not god ' s defense ? tell me. "

Genesis 40:9 then the officers reported his droom to joseph and said, " in my droom i saw a vineyard before me,

Genesis 40:10 in the vineyard there was three wells. it was gathering, the grapes were gathered, the grapes were gathered.

Genesis 40:11 now i had pharaon ' s cup in my hand. i took the drupes and cut it into the cup of pharaoh, and i gave the cup in pharaoh ' s hand.

Genesis 40:12 joseph said to him, " this is his interpretation : the three gates are three days.

Genesis 40:13 at three days pharaoh will rebuke your head and put you back to your officers. you will give pharaon ' s cup in his hand, as you had first, since you were the muneyard.

Genesis 40:14 but remember me when you may be good, and show mercy to me, and remember me to pharaoh, and bring me out of this prison.

Genesis 40:15 for i have been killed from the land of the hebreans, and now i have done nothing here to throw me into this cistery. "

Genesis 40:16 when the back of the back saw that he had strengthened reason, he said to joseph, " i also saw a droom, and i saw three corners on my head.

Genesis 40:17 in the best korb were some of all the crowds of pharaoh. the wild birds were eating them from the korb on my head. "

Genesis 40:18 joseph replied, " this is his interpretation : the three cors are three days.

Genesis 40:19 at three days pharaoh will lead your head away from you and throw you on a tree, and the birds will eat your flesh from you. "

Genesis 40:20 on the third day, the day of the birth of pharaoh, he made a banquet to all his servants, and he remembered the head of the schenkers, the head of the backs, among his servants.

Genesis 40:21 so he brought the officers to his place, and he gave the cup in pharaoh ' s hand.

Genesis 40:22 and he divided the baster of the backs, as joseph had commanded them.

Genesis 40:23 but the officers of the munquers remembered joseph, but rejected him.

Genesis 41:1 after two years, pharaoh saw a droom, and he was standing on the river.

Genesis 41:2 now seven sheep, flesh of face, and flesh came up from the river and walked in the flock.

Genesis 41:3 now seven hors coming after them from the river, sure of face, and sure of flesh, and they stood along the horns on the bread of the river.

Genesis 41:4 so the seven small and clear oxes ate the seven clow and scump hors. so pharaoh stood up.

Genesis 41:5 then he dreatly drew and saw seven spies, chosen and good.

Genesis 41:6 and on the follower of them there were seven feed wheat and welling of the wind.

Genesis 41:7 then the sew wheat died the seven small and full wheat. so pharaoh stood up, and he was a droom.

Genesis 41:8 the next morning his life was distressed. he sent out and called all the officers of egypt and all her wise men. so he reported them his droom, but there was no one who could reveal it to pharaoh.

Genesis 41:9 then the officers of the officers said to pharaoh, " i remember my sins today.

Genesis 41:10 when pharaoh was anger on his servants and put us in prison in the house of the ruler ' s house, me and the back of the backs.

Genesis 41:11 in one night we saw a traom, i and he, each one with his own droom.

Genesis 41:12 there was a young man who was with us, a hebrew, the ruler of the officers, and we proclaimed him, and he commanded us.

Genesis 41:13 just as he had instructed to us, so it was done : i turned to my place, but someone was thrown up. "

Genesis 41:14 so pharaoh sent and called joseph, and they brought him out of the prison. so they washed him, threw his clothes and went to pharaoh.

Genesis 41:15 pharaoh said to joseph, " i have seen a traom, but there is no one who interpretes him. but i heard about you saying, ' you have heard drumbs to interpreter them. "

Genesis 41:16 joseph said to pharaoh, " it is nothing, but god will report the salvation to pharaoh. "

Genesis 41:17 so pharaoh said to joseph, " in my droom i was standing at the river of the river,

Genesis 41:18 so seven sheep, flesh of face, and flesh came up from the river and passed in the flock.

Genesis 41:19 then seven other boves went up after them, sure, sure of face, and sure of flesh. i did not see such things in all the land of egypt.

Genesis 41:20 so the clock and bright boves ate the seven first, chosen and scroll.

Genesis 41:21 but when they entered their mouth, they did not understand that they had entered them. they were like the former time. then i got up.

Genesis 41:22 then i saw in my dretcher : seven aks, full and good.

Genesis 41:23 and in the middle of them there were seven small wheat and the wind of the wind.

Genesis 41:24 the sew aks died the seven grew aks. then i told the governor, but there was no one who could reveal it to me. "

Genesis 41:25 joseph said to pharaoh, " the traom of pharaoh is one, and god has shown to pharaoh what he is going to do.

Genesis 41:26 the seven bad oxes are seven years, and the seven bad wheat are seven years. the droom is one.

Genesis 41:27 the seven rew and sure hors that ascend after them are seven years, and the seven rew and destroyed of the winds of the wind will be seven years of honor.

Genesis 41:28 this is what i said to pharaoh : god has shown to pharaoh what he is going to do.

Genesis 41:29 " on all the region of egypt will come seven years.

Genesis 41:30 after these things there will come seven years of honor, and all the completion will be forgiven throughout egypt, and the famine will consume the earth.

Genesis 41:31 the reason of reason will not be known on the earth because of the famine that will come after this, for it will be great.

Genesis 41:32 now when pharaoh ' s droom was to two times, this way is true from god, and that god is going to make it soon.

Genesis 41:33 now now he must send a wise and intelligent man and make him over the land of egypt.

Genesis 41:34 then let pharaoh setter governor on the earth and make a questty of the produce of the land of egypt in the seven years of freedom.

Genesis 41:35 they will gather all the food of those coming good years, and let the wheat be gathered by pharaoh ' s hand to eat in the towns and present them.

Genesis 41:36 so the food will be encouraged to the earth for the seven years of hongry that will come in egypt, so that the earth will not be destroyed by hunger. "

Genesis 41:37 this good placed before pharaoh and all his servants.

Genesis 41:38 so pharaoh said to his servants, " may we find this man who has the spirit of god in him ? "

Genesis 41:39 so pharaoh said to joseph, " since god has shown you all these things, there is no one who is wise and wise than you.

Genesis 41:40 you will be over my house, and all my people will obey your teaching. except the throne i will be greater than you. "

Genesis 41:41 so pharaoh said to joseph, " look, i make you over over all the region of egypt. "

Genesis 41:42 then pharaoh took his ring from his hand and put it on joseph ' s hand, wrapped him in a fine linen clothing and put a golden clothing around his neck.

Genesis 41:43 so he brought him on his second wagn, and began to proclaim before him : " proclaim him ! " so he made him over all the region of egypt.

Genesis 41:44 so pharaoh said to joseph, " i am pharaoh, but without you no one will lead his hand on all the land of egypt. "

Genesis 41:45 so pharaoh named joseph pphat-suriah, and he gave him to his wife asenath, daughter of potifera, the priest of on, to his wife.

Genesis 41:46 joseph was thirty years when he stood before pharaoh, king of egypt. so joseph went out from pharaoh and passed through all egypt.

Genesis 41:47 for in the seven years of freedom the earth made dragles.

Genesis 41:48 so he gathered all the food of the seven years in the land of egypt, and placed the food in the towns. he put the food of the field of the town around her.

Genesis 41:49 so joseph gathered something like the stone of the sea, though they were able to number, for there was no number.

Genesis 41:50 before the years of honor came, joseph became two sons to joseph. asenath, daughter of potifera, priest of on on on on on jerusalem, became two sons.

Genesis 41:51 joseph named the firstborn manasseh, because he said, " god has forgiven me all my hards and all the family of my father. "

Genesis 41:52 the second named called ephraim, because he said, " god has delivered me in the land of my affliction. "

Genesis 41:53 so the seven years of freedom that had happened in egypt,

Genesis 41:54 so the seven years of honor began to come, just as joseph had spoken. there was famine in all the nations, but in all the region of egypt there was bread.

Genesis 41:55 now when all the land of egypt was hungry, the people shouted out to pharaoh for bread. then pharaoh said to all the egyptians, " go to joseph, and whatever he says you should do. "

Genesis 41:56 now there was famine on the whole land. joseph opened all the cloaks and gave it to the egyptians.

Genesis 41:57 and all the towns came to egypt to buy the food for joseph, because the famine was distressed throughout the whole land.

Genesis 42:1 now when jacob saw that there was food in egypt, he said to his sons, " why are you insisting ? "

Genesis 42:2 i said, " i have heard that there is wheat in egypt. come down and buy some food for us, so that we may live and do not die. "

Genesis 42:3 so the ten brothers of joseph went down to buy bread from egypt.

Genesis 42:4 but he did not send benjamin the brother of joseph with his brothers, because he said, " not to be a sickle against him. "

Genesis 42:5 so the israelites came to buy the food with those who were coming, for there was famine in the land of canaan.

Genesis 42:6 now joseph was the ruler of the land, who proclaimed the people of the land. so joseph ' s brothers came and worshiped him with his face to the ground.

Genesis 42:7 when joseph saw his brothers, he knew it, but he was hard from them. he spoke hard with them and asked them, " where did you come from ? " they replied, " from the land of canaan to buy food. "

Genesis 42:8 joseph realized his brothers, but they did not recognize him.

Genesis 42:9 then joseph remembered the droom they had seen. then he said to them, " you are spipions ! you have come to see the breasts of the land.

Genesis 42:10 they replied, " no, my lord, your servants have come to compare food.

Genesis 42:11 we are all the sons of one man. we are faithful, your servants are not speaking. "

Genesis 42:12 but he said to them, " not, you have come to see the flesh of the earth. "

Genesis 42:13 they replied, " we have twelve brothers, brothers. we have twelve brothers in the land of canaan. the younger is today with our father, but there is no one. "

Genesis 42:14 joseph said to them, " this is what i told you : you are spicions ! "

Genesis 42:15 this is what you will be revealed : so sure of pharaoh, you will never leave here unless your younger brother comes here.

Genesis 42:16 send one of you and take your brother. you will be destroyed, so that your words may be revealed or you are true or not. if not, i leef the living of pharaoh that you are spicions ! "

Genesis 42:17 so he put them in prison for three days.

Genesis 42:18 the third day he said to them, " do this, and you will live, for i fear god.

Genesis 42:19 if you are pacifious, let your brother be in prison in prison, but you, go and bring the food of your food.

Genesis 42:20 and bring your younger brother here to me, so that your words will believe, and you will not die. " so they did.

Genesis 42:21 then they said each other, " just, we are for sin against our brother, because we saw the suffering of his life when he prayed us, but we did not listen to him. therefore this suffering has come over us. "

Genesis 42:22 ruben answered them, " have i not spoken you saying, ' do not complete the child ! ' but you did not listen to me, but look, his blood is seeking. "

Genesis 42:23 they did not know that joseph knew, for there was a interpretation among them.

Genesis 42:24 so he turned from them and weeped. then he returned to them and spoke with them. he took simeon from their midst and clow him before them.

Genesis 42:25 so joseph commanded them to fyld their cloaks with wheat and give each one ' s silver coins into his sackcloth and give them food for the road. so they happened.

Genesis 42:26 so they put the wheat on their esels and went away from there.

Genesis 42:27 when the one held his sack, to give some food for his eselin where he had sitting, he saw his money, and he was on the mouth of his sack.

Genesis 42:28 then he said to his brothers, " my money has been given, and look, this is in my sack ! " then their hearts were greatly astonished, and they said to one another, " what has god done for us ? "

Genesis 42:29 when they came to their father jacob into the land of canaan, they told him everything that had happened to them, saying,

Genesis 42:30 " the man, the owner of the land, said hard with us and put us as officiers of the land.

Genesis 42:31 and we said to him, ' we are freed, we are not possessions.

Genesis 42:32 we are twelve brothers, sons of our father. the one is not there, and the minor is today with our father in the land of canaan.

Genesis 42:33 " the man who is the owner of the land said to us, ' by this i will know that you are freely. let one of your brothers away here with me, and take the food of the grain of your house and go.

Genesis 42:34 then bring your yngste brother to me so that i may know that you are not spipions but freely, and i will give your brother back to you, and you will remove the earth. "

Genesis 42:35 now when they had thrown their sackings, each of them was the prison of the silver coins in their sacce. when they saw their money, they and their father, they were afraid.

Genesis 42:36 their father jacob said to them, " you have died me. joseph there is not, simeon is there, and you will receive benjamin. all these things were against me. "

Genesis 42:37 ruben said to his father, " kill my two sons unless i bring him to you. give him in my hand, and i will bring him back to you. "

Genesis 42:38 but he said, " my son will not come down with you, because his brother has died and he is only left. if a sjukness comes on him on the way you go, you will put my grains down with grimmigheid into the hades. "

Genesis 43:1 now the famine was great in the earth.

Genesis 43:2 now when they had finished the wheat they had brought from egypt, their father said to them, " go back and send us a little food. "

Genesis 43:3 judas said to him, " the man testified to us, ' you will not see my face unless your brother is with you. "

Genesis 43:4 if you send our brother with us, we will go down and buy food for you,

Genesis 43:5 but if you do not send him, we will not go, for the man said to us, ' you will not see my face unless your brother is with you. "

Genesis 43:6 israel said, " why have you committed me to tell the man if you have a brother ? "

Genesis 43:7 they replied, " the man asked for us and our descendants, saying, ' your father is still alive ? you have a brother ? ' we told him according to this message. should we know that he would say, ' bring your brother ? ' "

Genesis 43:8 then judah said to his father israel, " send the child with me, so we will get up and go so that we may live and do not be died, both we or you, and our children. "

Genesis 43:9 i will pray for him. you will look for him from my hand. if i do not bring him to you or stand him before you, i will be a sinner against you always.

Genesis 43:10 if we would not be hebrew, we would already return two times.

Genesis 43:11 then israel their father said to them, " if this is so, take this : take some of the fruit of the earth in your gards and bring it to the man to bring a gift : a balsam of balsam, the honor, the incense, the pickel, and the mandals.

Genesis 43:12 take two cloaks in your hands, and remove the food that has been rejected into your sackings, take back with you, if it is a foolishness. "

Genesis 43:13 take your brother and get up and go down to the man.

Genesis 43:14 and may the all-powerful god give you grace before the man to send your one brother and benjamin. if i have children, i will have children. "

Genesis 43:15 so the men took this gift, and took two times the silver coins with them, and benjamin. then they stood up and went to egypt and stood before joseph.

Genesis 43:16 when joseph saw benjamin with them, he said to his husband, " bring these men into the house, slack slaves and make them ready, for people will eat with me at midday. "

Genesis 43:17 so the man done just as joseph had said, and he brought the men to joseph ' s house.

Genesis 43:18 when the men saw that they were brought in joseph ' s house, they said, " we enter because of the silver coins that was rejected in our sackings for the beginning, we are to bring us to stop us and take us as slaves, and our esels. "

Genesis 43:19 they came to the man who was over the house of joseph and spoke to him at the door of the house,

Genesis 43:20 saying, " look, lord, we went down in the beginning to compare food.

Genesis 43:21 now when we came to the rest and opened our sackets, each one of us had our money in his sack sack. our money was according to the pess, and we reported it in our hand.

Genesis 43:22 and we have brought another money with ourselves to buy food. we do not know who has put our money into our sackets. "

Genesis 43:23 but he said, " do not be afraid ! do not be afraid ! your god and god of your father has given you a treasure in your sackings. i have received your money. " so he brought simeon to them.

Genesis 43:24 he brought the water to wash their feet and washed their feet, and gave food for their esels.

Genesis 43:25 they prepared the gift until joseph came, because they had heard that they would eat there.

Genesis 43:26 when joseph entered the house, they brought to him the gift they had in their hands, and they worshiped him with his face to the ground.

Genesis 43:27 he asked them how you were, and said, " is your elders father, about whom you have said ? is he still living ? "

Genesis 43:28 they replied, " your servant our father is well, he lives still again ! " so they worshiped him and worshiped him.

Genesis 43:29 when joseph looked up, he saw his brother benjamin, his son ' s son, and said, " is this your younger brother about whom you said to me ? " he replied, " god may be mercy to you, my son ! "

Genesis 43:30 joseph was greatly distressed, because his wells were torned against his brother and he wanted to weep. so he went into the cammer and weeped there.

Genesis 43:31 so he washed his face, went out, strengthened himself and said, " bring bread ! "

Genesis 43:32 they put to him alone, to them privately, and to the egyptians who were eating with him apart. for the egyptians were not able to eat with the hebreans, for it is a abomination for the egyptians.

Genesis 43:33 so they stood before him, the firstborn according to his own child and the younger according to his youth. so the men were astonished at one another.

Genesis 43:34 so they took part of him to them. but the part of benjamin was five times more than all of them. they drinked and were drunk with him.

Genesis 44:1 joseph commanded the owner of his house, saying, " full the sackets of these men with food that they can take, and put each one ' s silver coins on the pock of his sack.

Genesis 44:2 and put my cup, the silver cup, into the sack of the young man, with the honor of his wheat. " so he done as joseph had said.

Genesis 44:3 when the morning was eating, the men sent out, they and their esels.

Genesis 44:4 as they were going out of the city and were not left, joseph said to his owner, " stand and follow those men, and when you take them, tell them, ' why did you repay evil for good ?

Genesis 44:5 is it not the cup of my master, with which my master drinks ? you have done evil what you have done ! "

Genesis 44:6 when he found them, he told them these words.

Genesis 44:7 they said to him, " why your master speaks these words ? it must not be your servants to do such things !

Genesis 44:8 look, the silver count we found in our sackges we returned to you from the land of canaan. how can we think silver or gold from the house of your lord ?

Genesis 44:9 if the cup of your servants find it, he must be died, and we will be slaves to our lord. "

Genesis 44:10 he replied, " get what you have said. the person on whom the cup will be found, will be my slave, but you will be clean. "

Genesis 44:11 then each one turned his sack down to the ground, and each one opened his sack.

Genesis 44:12 he started, beginning from the elder until he came to the yngling, and the cup found in the sack of benjamin.

Genesis 44:13 then they threw their clothes, put each one his colt on his eselin and returned to the city.

Genesis 44:14 so judas and his brothers came to the son of joseph while he was still there, and they fell down before him to the ground.

Genesis 44:15 joseph said to them, " what is this that you have done ? don ' t you know that a man who is like i does not understand ?

Genesis 44:16 then judah said, " what should we say to our lord ? what should we say or what must we justify ? god has found the misdail of your servants. look, we are slaves of our lord, both we, and the person on whom the cup has found. "

Genesis 44:17 but joseph replied, " no, i should do this ! the man on whom the cup has found, will be my servant, but you go up in peace to your father ! "

Genesis 44:18 then judah approached him and said, " may your lord speak a message for your eyes. do not be encouraged against your servant, because you are like pharaoh.

Genesis 44:19 you asked your servants, ' have you father or brother ? '

Genesis 44:20 we said to our lord, ' we have a elder father and a child who is old with his old child, and his brother is dead, and he is only left over his mother, and his father loves him.

Genesis 44:21 you said to your servants, ' bring him down to me so that i may see him. '

Genesis 44:22 then we said to our lord, ' the child cannot forgive his father, for if he forlives his father, he will be died. '

Genesis 44:23 but you said to your servants, ' unless your younger brother comes down with you, you will not see me again. '

Genesis 44:24 when we went up to your father, our father, we told him the words of our lord.

Genesis 44:25 our father said to us, ' go back and buy some food for us. '

Genesis 44:26 but we said, ' we will not go down, ' if our younger brother is with us, we will go down, for we cannot see the man ' s face, since our younger brother is not with us. '

Genesis 44:27 " your servant our father said to us, you know that my wife has given me two sons.

Genesis 44:28 the one went out from me and i said, ' he has become someting. ' but i did not see him until now.

Genesis 44:29 if you too take this man from my presence, and there is a sjukness on him, then you will put my grain down with suffering into the hades. '

Genesis 44:30 now if i come to your servant my father, and the child is not with us, because his life is divided by this person,

Genesis 44:31 and if he sees that the child is not with us, he will be put to death. and your servants will bring the graves of your servant our father with awe to the hades.

Genesis 44:32 for your servant has been accepted to the child from his father, saying, ' if i do not bring him back to you, i will be sin against my father always. '

Genesis 44:33 now now, let my slave stay as slave of your lord for the sake of the child, but the child must ascend with your brothers. "

Genesis 44:34 for how can i go up to my father ? if the child is not with me, i may not see the evil things that will find my father. "

Genesis 45:1 so joseph could not leave all who stood before him, but he said, " send out all away from me ! " and no one was still standing there before joseph when he was revealed to his brothers.

Genesis 45:2 he shouted a voice with weeping, and all the egyptians heard this, and the house of pharaoh heard this.

Genesis 45:3 then joseph said to his brothers, " i am joseph ! is my father still alive ? " but his brothers could not speak to him, for they were afraid.

Genesis 45:4 then joseph said to his brothers, " come to me ! " they approached. he said, " i am joseph your brother whom you loved to egypt.

Genesis 45:5 now do not be suffering and do not be hard for you that you have rejected me here, because god had sent me before you for life.

Genesis 45:6 for there is a second years famine in the earth, and there is a rest of five years that there will not be ploiting or harvest.

Genesis 45:7 god sent me before you to remain rest of you on the earth and to fear you for a great rest.

Genesis 45:8 now now you have not sent me here but god, who made me a father of pharaoh, lord of his entire household, and as a ruler over all the land of egypt.

Genesis 45:9 make every effort to my father and tell him, ' this is the solemn pronouncement of your son joseph : ' god has made me lord over all egypt. come down to me and do not be spoken.

Genesis 45:10 you will live in the land of gosen and be near me, you and your sons, your children ' s children, your sheep, your horns, and everything you have.

Genesis 45:11 i will spend you there, for there will be still food for five years, so that you will not be cut down, you and your son, and everything you possess. ' "

Genesis 45:12 and look, your eyes and my brother benjamin ' s eyes have seen that my mouth speaks to you.

Genesis 45:13 tell my father all my glory in egypt and everything you saw. soon and bring my father down here. "

Genesis 45:14 so he fell on his brother benjamin ' s hals and weeped, and benjamin weeped on his neck.

Genesis 45:15 he kissed all his brothers and weeped over them, and after these things his brothers spoke to him.

Genesis 45:16 when the voice was revealed in pharaoh ' s house, saying, " joseph ' s brothers have come. " this was glad to pharaoh and to his servants.

Genesis 45:17 then pharaoh said to joseph, " tell your brothers, ' take this : gather your passions and go to the land of canaan.

Genesis 45:18 take your father and your possessions and come to me, and i will give you the good abundance of egypt, and you will eat the food of the earth.

Genesis 45:19 and you say this : take for them wags from egypt for your children and your women, and take your father and come.

Genesis 45:20 and do not spare your reason, for everything good of egypt will be your. "

Genesis 45:21 so the sons of israel did so. joseph gave them wags according to pharaoh ' s order, and gave them food for the way.

Genesis 45:22 to all he gave two clothing, but benjamin he gave three hundred silver coins and five clothing to benjamin.

Genesis 45:23 and to his father he sent ten gomels draging from the good ground of egypt, ten women draging, bread, bread, and bread for his father to the way.

Genesis 45:24 so he sent his brothers and went away. he said to them, " do not be treated on the road ! "

Genesis 45:25 so they went up from egypt and came to their father jacob in the land of canaan.

Genesis 45:26 they told him, " joseph lives and he is a ruling household over all the land of egypt. " so jacob became distressed, because he did not believe them.

Genesis 45:27 so they told him everything he had said to them. when he saw the wags that joseph had sent to take him up, the spirit of jacob their father became alive.

Genesis 45:28 israel said, " it is great ! joseph my son is still alive. i will go and see him before i am dead. "

Genesis 46:1 so israel went up with everything he possessed, and went to beerseba and sacrificed sacrifices to the god of his father isaac.

Genesis 46:2 then god said to israel in a vision of the night, " jacob, jacob ! " he replied, " here i am ! "

Genesis 46:3 " i am the god, the god of your father. do not be afraid to go down to egypt, for there i will make you a great nation. ' "

Genesis 46:4 i will come down with you to egypt, and i will bring you up again. joseph will put his hand on your eyes. "

Genesis 46:5 so jacob got up from beer-sheba. and the sons of israel took their father david, their children, their children, and their wives, on the wags that joseph had sent to take him.

Genesis 46:6 so they took their possessions and their possessions that they had giving in the land of canaan, and went into egypt, jacob and all his descendants with him.

Genesis 46:7 he brought his daughters and his sons and his daughters and his daughters and his entire descendants he brought with him to egypt.

Genesis 46:8 these are the name of the sons of israel who came to egypt : jacob and his sons. the firstborn of jacob was ruben.

Genesis 46:9 the sons of ruben were : hanoch, pallu, hesron and karmi.

Genesis 46:10 the sons of simeon : jemuel, jamin, ohad, jachin, zohar, and saul, the son of a kanaanitan woman.

Genesis 46:11 the sons of levi : gerson, kehat, and merari.

Genesis 46:12 the sons of judah were er, onan, sela, perez, and zerah. but er and onan were dead in the land of canaan. the sons of perez ' s sons were hecron and hamul.

Genesis 46:13 the sons of issachar : tola, puva, job, simron.

Genesis 46:14 the sons of zebulon : sered, elon, and jahleel.

Genesis 46:15 these were the sons of lea who she gave to jacob in paddan-aram, and his daughter dina. all the souls of his sons and daughters were thirty and three.

Genesis 46:16 the sons of gad : sefon, haggi, shuni, esbon, eri, arodi, and areli.

Genesis 46:17 the sons of asser : jimna, jisva, jisva, beria, and serah their sister. the sons of beria were heber and malchiel.

Genesis 46:18 these were the sons of zilphas, whom laban gave to his daughter lea. she gave them to jacob, seventy-four people.

Genesis 46:19 the sons of rachel, a wife of jacob, were joseph and benjamin.

Genesis 46:20 now the sons of joseph were in egypt that asenath, daughter of potifera the priest of on on on egypt, became the sons of potifera, the priest of elpolis. ( now the sons of manasseh, whom the araman woman had given to him. ) the sons of ephraim, the brother of manasseh, was soutalam and taham.

Genesis 46:21 the sons of benjamin : bela, beker, asbel, gera, naaman, echi, ros, muppim, huppim, ard and ard.

Genesis 46:22 these were the sons of rachel who gave to jacob. all were eighten.

Genesis 46:23 the sons of dan : husham.

Genesis 46:24 the sons of nafthali : jesiel, guni, jezohar, and sillem.

Genesis 46:25 these were the sons of bilha, whom laban gave to his daughter rachel. she gave them to jacob, all seven souls.

Genesis 46:26 all the people who went with jacob into egypt and went out of his heup, except the women of the sons of jacob, were seventy-six persons.

Genesis 46:27 and the sons of joseph who were fathered to him in egypt were night. all the people of the house of jacob who came to egypt were seventy-five.

Genesis 46:28 so he sent judah before him to joseph to comprehend him in gosen. so they went to the land of rameses.

Genesis 46:29 so joseph gathered his wagn and went up to incontro to his father israel in gosen. when he appeared to him, he fell on his neck and weeped for a long weeping.

Genesis 46:30 so israel said to joseph, " i will be going to death, since i have seen your face, that you are still alive. "

Genesis 46:31 then joseph said to his brothers and to his father, " i will go and tell pharaoh. i will say to him, " my brothers and my father who were in the land of canaan have come to me.

Genesis 46:32 these men are shepherds, for they are businers, and they have brought their beast and their bears and everything they possess. '

Genesis 46:33 if pharaoh calls you and says, ' what is your work ? '

Genesis 46:34 then you say, ' your servants are businers from our jeught until now, and we and our ancestors, so that you may live in the land gosen, for all sheep of sheep are a defear for the egyptians. "

Genesis 47:1 so joseph came and told pharaoh : " my father and my brothers came from the land of canaan with their sheep, their horns, and everything they have, have come from the land of canaan, and look, they are in the land gosen. "

Genesis 47:2 then he took out five men from his own brothers and presented them before pharaoh.

Genesis 47:3 then pharaoh said to his brothers, " what is your work ? " they replied to pharaoh, " your servants are shepherds, both we and our ancestors. "

Genesis 47:4 they said to pharaoh, " we have come to live in the land, for there is no passion for the beast of your servants, because the famine is great in the land of canaan. let us now live in the land gosen. "

Genesis 47:5 then pharaoh said to cal, " let them stay in the land gosen. if they know there are large men, put them over for our feet, and come to egypt to joseph. " when pharaoh, the king of egypt, heard this, he said to joseph, " your father and your brothers are accurved to you. "

Genesis 47:6 look, egypt is before you. in the best country of the land, live your father and your brothers.

Genesis 47:7 so joseph brought his father jacob and brought him before pharaoh, and jacob blessed pharaoh.

Genesis 47:8 so pharaoh said to jacob, " how many years are your life ? "

Genesis 47:9 jacob said to pharaoh, " the days of the years of my foreigment has a hundred thirty years. weak and evil were the days of my life and did not come to the days of the years of my ancestors in the days of their foreigning. "

Genesis 47:10 so jacob blessed pharaoh and went out from him.

Genesis 47:11 so joseph made his father and his brothers and gave them possession in the land of egypt, in the best of the land, in the region of rameses, just as pharaoh had commanded.

Genesis 47:12 so joseph permitted his father and his brothers and the entire family of his father according to the body.

Genesis 47:13 there was no rood in all the earth, for the famine was very great, and the land of egypt and the land of canaan were destroyed by hunger.

Genesis 47:14 so joseph gathered all the money that were found in egypt and in the land of canaan for the wheat they were revealed. so joseph brought the money into the house of pharaoh.

Genesis 47:15 now when all the money were completed in the land of egypt and in the land of canaan, all the egyptians came to joseph and said, " give us bread. why can we live before you, since our silor has been left ? "

Genesis 47:16 joseph said, " let your feet come, and i will give you bread for your feet, if the silver or silver. "

Genesis 47:17 so they brought their beast to joseph, and joseph gave them bread for the horses, for the sheep, for the hors, for the hors, and for the eseep. so he permitted them with bread for all their feet in that year.

Genesis 47:18 when that year came, they came to him at the second year and said to him, " we will not bear from our lord that the silor has left, and the beast of the business have left to the lord. there is nothing for us before our lord except our own body and our land.

Genesis 47:19 why then we may die before you, we and our land ? create us and our land for bread, so that we and our land are pharaons ' s slaves. give children that we may sow and do not died, and that the earth may not be desolated. "

Genesis 47:20 so joseph four all the land of egypt for pharaoh, because the egyptians vended their land because the famine was over them. so the earth became pharaoh.

Genesis 47:21 and he made the people to serve, from the ends of the region of egypt to the other.

Genesis 47:22 except the land of the priests did not find it, for the priests were possessions of pharaoh and they were eating of the tradition that pharaoh had given them. therefore they did not provide their land.

Genesis 47:23 then joseph said to the people, " look, i have now built you and your land for pharaoh. look, take seed and sow on the land.

Genesis 47:24 when the food produces, you will give the fifth of the part for pharaoh, but the four parts will have for you for the descendance of the earth and for food for you and for all your homes. "

Genesis 47:25 they replied, " you have made us well ! we have found grace before our lord, and we will be pharaons ' s slaves. "

Genesis 47:26 so joseph made a statement for them, as it is to this day, in the land of egypt, a five deel for pharaoh. except the country of the priests did not be for pharaoh.

Genesis 47:27 so israel rebuked in the land of egypt, in the land of gosen. they possessed it and were greatly greatly created.

Genesis 47:28 so jacob was living in egypt seven years. so the days of jacob, the year of his life, were about hundred and firty-seven years.

Genesis 47:29 when the time of israel came to be dead, he called his son joseph and said to him, " if i have found your gunity to your eyes, put your hand under my heup and make mercy and truth against me. do not burial me in egypt.

Genesis 47:30 but when i will dorn with my ancestors, you will take me from egypt and burial me in their tomb. " the angel replied, " i will do just as you said. "

Genesis 47:31 then he said, " swear me ! " and he swore to him. then israel worshiped on his staff.

Genesis 48:1 after these things they were told joseph, " your father is sick. " so he took with him his two sons, manasseh and ephraim.

Genesis 48:2 when they heard to jacob, they said, " look, your son joseph is coming to you. " so israel became strengthened and sat down on a bed.

Genesis 48:3 then jacob said to joseph, " the all-powerful god appeared to me in luz in the land of canaan, and blessed me

Genesis 48:4 and said to me, ' look, i will grow you up and multiply you and make you a multitude of nations, and i will give your descendants after you this land to a eternal possession. '

Genesis 48:5 now now your two sons who were fathered to you in egypt before i come to you in egypt, are mine. efraim and manasseh will be mine like ruben and simeon.

Genesis 48:6 but the children you have born after them will be your ; they will be called to the name of their brothers in their possessions.

Genesis 48:7 when i came from paddan-aram, rachel died me in the land of canaan, while there was a long week of the land to ephrata. i entered her by the way to ephrata, that is bethlehem. "

Genesis 48:8 when israel saw the sons of joseph, he asked, " who are these ? "

Genesis 48:9 joseph replied to his father, " they are my sons whom god has given me here. " he said, " bring them here to me, so i will praise them. "

Genesis 48:10 the eyes of israel were healed from the old time, and he could not see. so jacob brought them to him, and he kissed them and bound them.

Genesis 48:11 israel said to joseph, " i did not see your face, but god has shown me and your descendants. "

Genesis 48:12 then joseph led them out from his kniew and worshiped him with his face to the ground.

Genesis 48:13 so joseph took his two sons, ephraim with his right hand at the left of israel, and manasseh with his left at the right hand of israel, and brought them to him.

Genesis 48:14 but israel extended his right hand and put it on the head of ephraim, who was the younger, and his left at manasseh ' s head.

Genesis 48:15 then he blessed them and said, " the god before whom my ancestors abraham and isaac went off, the god who carried me from my youth until this day,

Genesis 48:16 the angel who delivered me from all evil things will praise these little children, and be called in them my name and the name of my ancestors abraham and isaac, and let them multiply in great number on the earth. "

Genesis 48:17 now when joseph saw that his father had put his right hand on the head of ephraim, he was hard for him. he took his father ' s hand to take her away from the head of ephraim from the head of manasseh.

Genesis 48:18 and joseph said to his father, " not so, father, for this is the firstborn. put your right hand on his head. "

Genesis 48:19 but he did not want and said, " i know, my son, i know. this man will become a people, and he will be exalted. but his younger brother will be greater than he, and his descendants will become great nations. "

Genesis 48:20 in that day he blessed them, saying, " in you israel will be blessed, saying, ' god make you like ephraim and manasseh ! " so he put ephraim before manasseh.

Genesis 48:21 so israel said to joseph, " look, i am going to death, but god will be with you and will bring you back to your ancestors ' s land.

Genesis 48:22 i give you a suffering greater than your brothers, which i received with my sword and my bound from the hand of the amoreens. "

Genesis 49:1 then jacob called his sons and said, " gather together, so i will tell you what will happen to you at the last days.

Genesis 49:2 " get up and listen, you sons of jacob, and listen to israel your father !

Genesis 49:3 ruben, you are my firstborn, my strength and the beginning of my child ! you are hard and hard.

Genesis 49:4 you have gathered like water, you will not be abandoned, for you went on your father ' s bed, then you washed the angel where you went up.

Genesis 49:5 simeon and levi are brothers. their destroy are unjustice.

Genesis 49:6 do not come in their control, my soul, do not ascend in their constance ! for in their anger they killed people, and in their desire they stapped oxs.

Genesis 49:7 proclaimed be their anger, because they are free ! i will divided them in jacob and disperse them in israel.

Genesis 49:8 judah, your brothers will praise you ; your hand will be on the bed of your enemies, the sons of your father will worship you.

Genesis 49:9 judah is the jew of a lion, from the harm, my son ! get up, stand down. you are like a lew, like a lew. who will reject him ?

Genesis 49:10 the ruler will not destroy from judah, nor a ruler from his heup until the prisoner comes, and the nations will acknowledge.

Genesis 49:11 he lives his colt to a vineyard, and to the wear the colt of his colt. he will wash his clothes in the wine, his clothes in the blood of druck.

Genesis 49:12 his eyes are hard from wine, and his teeth are white from melk.

Genesis 49:13 zebulon will live in the sea, in the region of the boats, and it will warn them to sidon.

Genesis 49:14 issachar is the guilty of issachar, leaving among the lots.

Genesis 49:15 when he saw that the rest was good and that the earth was good, he placed his sword to work and became a tenants.

Genesis 49:16 dan will judge his own people as one of the tribes of israel.

Genesis 49:17 dan will be a serpent on the road, a serpent on the road, who taught the heat of the heat, so that the heizer will fall back. "

Genesis 49:18 i persecute my salvation, lord !

Genesis 49:19 gad will suffer lame, but he will strike against him in his feet.

Genesis 49:20 asser, his bread is food, and he will give governor of the rulers.

Genesis 49:21 nafthali is a table stone, who gives good practice.

Genesis 49:22 joseph is a clow son, a clothed ground, a ground ground in the ground.

Genesis 49:23 the bound greed against him and greed him, and the bound of the bound greed him.

Genesis 49:24 but his bound is broken up, and the arms of his hands is destroyed by the hand of the great man of jacob. there is the ruler of israel.

Genesis 49:25 from the god of your father, and he will help you. he will praise you with blessing from outside with blessing of heaven, blessing of all things, with blessing of money and mours.

Genesis 49:26 the blessing of your father is greater than the blessing of the only monts and the blessing of eternal animals. they will be on the head of joseph, on the top of his brothers.

Genesis 49:27 benjamin is a row roof ; on the morning he will eat, and to the afternoon he will give food. "

Genesis 49:28 these are all twelve things of jacob, and these things their father said to them, and blessed each one according to his blessing.

Genesis 49:29 and he told them and said to them, " i will gather to my people. begraw me with my ancestors in the spelonk that is in the field of ephron the heth,

Genesis 49:30 in the spelonk that is in the spelonk that is in the spelonk of macpela, in the land of canaan, which abraham four from ephron the heth to possession of a tomb.

Genesis 49:31 there they buried abraham and his wife sara. there they buried isaac and his wife rebecca, and there i buried lea.

Genesis 49:32 the field and the spelonk that is there have been completed from the sons of heth. "

Genesis 49:33 when jacob had permitted his instruction to his sons, he placed his feet up on the bed and left and was gathered to his people.

Genesis 50:1 so joseph fell on his father ' s face and weeped over him and kissed him.

Genesis 50:2 then joseph commanded his servants the custers to burial his father. so the guards buried israel.

Genesis 50:3 so he was fulfilled for firty days, for so the days of burial place were completed. and the egyptians mourned him for seventy-days.

Genesis 50:4 now when the time of mourning was passed, joseph spoke to the men of pharaoh, saying, " if i have found grace in your eyes, speak to pharaoh ' s ears :

Genesis 50:5 my father commanded me and said, ' it is in the tomb i have graved for myself in the land of canaan. now let me go and burie my father and go back back to me. "

Genesis 50:6 so pharaoh said, " get and buried your father just as he proclaimed you. "

Genesis 50:7 so joseph went up to buried his father. all the servants of pharaoh, the elders of his house, and all the elders of the land of egypt went up with him.

Genesis 50:8 and all the house of joseph, his brothers and the family of his father. but they left their relatives, their sheep, and his bears they left in the land gosen.

Genesis 50:9 the wagns and requests went up with him, and there was a great completion.

Genesis 50:10 when they came to the gath of atad, that is on the other side of the jordan river, they shouted him in a great and terrible mourn, and he placed the mourning for his father for seven days.

Genesis 50:11 when the people of the land, the kanaans, saw the mourning in the dresser of atad, they said, " this is a great mourn for the egyptians ! " therefore they called this place abel-misraim ( which is the other side of the jordan river ).

Genesis 50:12 so his sons did to them what he had told them.

Genesis 50:13 so his sons took him in the land of canaan, and buried him in the spelonk of makpela that abraham had eaten for a tomb for a tomb from ephron the heth ahead of mamre.

Genesis 50:14 so joseph returned to egypt, he and his brothers and all who had accompanied his father to buried his father.

Genesis 50:15 when joseph ' s brothers saw that their father was dead, they said, " if joseph will complete us and repay us all the evil things we have done for him. "

Genesis 50:16 they said to joseph, " your father before his death he commanded this :

Genesis 50:17 tell joseph, forgive their evil and sin against them, because they have done you evil. now remove the transgression of the servants of the god of your father ! " joseph weeped when they were speaking to him.

Genesis 50:18 so they came to him and said, " look, we are your slaves. "

Genesis 50:19 but joseph said to them, " do not be afraid, for i am the way of god ?

Genesis 50:20 you have planted evil against me, but god intended to do good about me so that it could be just as it is today, so that a large crowd may be rejected.

Genesis 50:21 so do not be afraid. i will give you and your children to live. " so he incouraged them, and he spoke to them.

Genesis 50:22 so joseph and his father and the entire family of his father remained in egypt. joseph vive 110 years.

Genesis 50:23 joseph saw children to ephraim until the third generation, and the sons of machir, the son of manasseh, were born on joseph ' s heup.

Genesis 50:24 joseph said to his brothers, " i am going to die, but god will recognize you and bring you up from this land into the land that he spoke to abraham, isaac, and jacob. "

Genesis 50:25 so joseph swored the israelites, saying, " whenever god will visit you, bring my bears away from here with you. "

Genesis 50:26 when joseph died, he was a hundred ten years. they buried him and placed it in a stof in egypt.

Exodus 1:1 these are the name of the sons of israel who went into egypt with jacob, each one with his family :

Exodus 1:2 ruben, simeon, levi, juda,

Exodus 1:3 issachar, zebulon, benjamin,

Exodus 1:4 dan and naphtali, gad and asser.

Exodus 1:5 all the people from the descendants of jacob were seventy-five people, but joseph was in egypt.

Exodus 1:6 so joseph and all his brothers and all that generation were died.

Exodus 1:7 but the people of israel were greatly created and multiply, and they were great strengthened, so that the land was filled with them.

Exodus 1:8 then there was a new king over egypt who did not know of joseph.

Exodus 1:9 he said to his own people, " look, the people of the people of israel are greater and greater than we are.

Exodus 1:10 come, let us arrest them so that they may not be great, and if a battle comes against us, they too will gather against our enemies and strike against us and go out of the earth. "

Exodus 1:11 so they setter the officers over them to destroy them with their works. they rebuilt to pharaoh people of fortification : pitom and ramses.

Exodus 1:12 but even more than they were humbled, so they became greater and greatly strengthened, so that the egyptians became abominated from the people of israel.

Exodus 1:13 so the egyptians strengthened the people of israel with violence.

Exodus 1:14 they strengthened their life with hard works, the vine, the teegl, and all the work on the field, with all the work they were ordering them with hardness.

Exodus 1:15 the king of egypt said to the men of the hebreans, whose one was siphra, and the other pua,

Exodus 1:16 and he said, " whenever you shepherd the hebraiges, and if he is a child, kill him, and if she is a wife, you should live him. "

Exodus 1:17 but the women were afraid of god and did not do what the king of egypt had told them, but lived the children.

Exodus 1:18 then the king of egypt called the women and said to them, " why did you do this and lead the children to live ? "

Exodus 1:19 the women said to pharaoh, " the hebreans are not like egyptan ' s women, for they are women. before the women comes to them, they have children. "

Exodus 1:20 and god was well to the women, and the people increased and were great strengthened.

Exodus 1:21 and since the women were afraid of god, he made their house for them.

Exodus 1:22 then pharaoh ordered all his people, saying, " let every child who is birth throw into the river, but all the women should you live. "

Exodus 2:1 now a man from the tribe of levi went and took a daughter of levi.

Exodus 2:2 she became birth and baared a child. when she saw that she was good, she died him three months.

Exodus 2:3 but when she was not able to secret him again, she took a pick to him, anointed it with pick and piech, threw the child into it and placed it in the break by the river.

Exodus 2:4 his sister stood in a distance to understand what would happen to him.

Exodus 2:5 then pharaoh ' s daughter went down to the river, and her slaves went along the river. when she saw the pick in the bed, she sent her slave and brought it away.

Exodus 2:6 when she opened, she saw a child weeping in the pick. the daughter of pharaoh repassed him and said, " this is a child of the hebreans ! "

Exodus 2:7 then his sister said to pharaoh ' s daughter, " should i want and call a shepherd from the hebreans who will give the child to you ? "

Exodus 2:8 pharaon ' s daughter said to her, " go. " so the woman went and called the mother of the child.

Exodus 2:9 the daughter of pharaoh said to her, " take this child and give it to me, and i will give you your reward. " so the woman took the child and washed it.

Exodus 2:10 when the child became great, she brought her to pharaoh ' s daughter, and she became his son. she called him moses, saying, " i have brought him out of the water. "

Exodus 2:11 now when moses was great, he went out to his brothers and saw their harm. he saw a egyptian kiling a egyptian who was of his own brothers.

Exodus 2:12 he looked around here and here, and when he saw that there was no one, he struck the egyptian and hid him in the field.

Exodus 2:13 the second day he went out and saw two hebreous men clothed. he said to the one who was ungodly, " why can you strike your neighbor ? "

Exodus 2:14 he replied, " who made you a ruler and judge over us ? you want to kill me just as you killed the egyptian ? " moses became afraid and said, " if this reason it has been revealed. "

Exodus 2:15 when pharaoh heard this, he wanted to kill moses. but moses went away from the presence of pharaoh and remained in the land of midian. so he sat down on a well.

Exodus 2:16 now the priest of midian had seven daughters. they came and gathered and filled the crowns to drink the sheep of their father.

Exodus 2:17 but the shepherds came and destroyed them. then moses stood up and delivered them and washed their sheep.

Exodus 2:18 when they came to their father reuel, he asked them, " why did you come this very day ? "

Exodus 2:19 they replied, " a egyptian released us from the shepherds, and he banded us and watered our sheep. "

Exodus 2:20 so he said to his daughters, " where is he ? why have you left the man ? call him to eat. "

Exodus 2:21 so moses died to remain with the man, and he gave his daughter sippora as a wife to moses.

Exodus 2:22 she gave birth to a son, whom moses named gersom ( because she said, " i have a foreigner in a fremd land. "

Exodus 2:23 after many days the king of egypt died, and the people of israel stopped because of the works and cried out, and their call from the works came up to god.

Exodus 2:24 and god heard their suffering, and god remembered his covenant with abraham, isaac, and jacob.

Exodus 2:25 and god saw the israelites, and god recognized them.

Exodus 3:1 now moses was seeking the sheep of his schoonvader jetro, the priest of midian. then he brought the sheep under the wilderness and came to the mountain of horeb.

Exodus 3:2 the angel of the lord appeared to him in a flame of fire from the bush, and he saw that the bush was burning with fire but the bush was not burned.

Exodus 3:3 then moses said, " i will go and see this great vision, why the bush does not burn. "

Exodus 3:4 when the lord saw that he had come to see, god called him from the dorm and said, " moses, moses ! " he replied, " here me am ! "

Exodus 3:5 he said, " do not come here. take your sandals off your feet, for the place where you stand is holy earth. "

Exodus 3:6 then he said, " i am the god of your father, the god of abraham, the god of isaac, and the god of jacob. " so moses turned his face, for he was afraid to see god.

Exodus 3:7 then the lord said, " i have seen the affliction of my people that is in egypt, and i have heard their shouting because of their persecutions, for i know their affliction.

Exodus 3:8 so i went down to save them from the hand of the egyptians and to bring them out of that land into a good and great land, into a land spring of milk and honey, into the place of the cananeeans, the hetians, the amoreens, the perizzians, the hevies, and the jebuseans.

Exodus 3:9 now look, the rop of the israelites has come to me, and i have seen the affliction the egypts present them.

Exodus 3:10 so come now, i will send you to pharaoh, so that you will bring my people, the israelites, out of egypt. "

Exodus 3:11 but moses said to god, " who am i that i will go to pharaoh and to bring the israelites out of egypt ? "

Exodus 3:12 he said, " i will be with you. and this will be your sign that i have sent you : when you bring the people out of egypt, you will serve god on this mountain. "

Exodus 3:13 moses said to god, " look, when i will come to the israelites and say to them, ' the god of your ancestors sent me to you. they will ask me, ' what is his name ? what should i say to them ? "

Exodus 3:14 then god said to moses, " i am the one who is. " and he said, " tell the people of israel, ' i am the one who sent me to you. "

Exodus 3:15 then god said to moses again, " tell the people of israel, ' the lord, the god of your ancestors, the god of abraham, isaac, and jacob, has sent me to you. this is my name eternal, and this will be a memorial from generation to generation.

Exodus 3:16 go and gather the elders of israel and tell them, ' the lord, the god of your ancestors, the god of abraham, isaac, and jacob, has appeared to me and said, ' i have visited you and visited what has happened to you in egypt.

Exodus 3:17 and i said, " i will bring you out of the affliction of the egyptians into the land of the cananes, the hetians, the amoreens, the perizzians, the hevies, and the jebuseos, into a land that flues milk and honey. '

Exodus 3:18 they will listen to your voice. you will go back with the elders of israel to pharaoh, king of egypt, and say to him, ' the god of the hebreans has called us. therefore let us go a way for three days into the wilderness to offer for the lord our god. '

Exodus 3:19 but i know that the king of egypt will not permit you to go, except with a strong hand.

Exodus 3:20 so i will extend my hand and strike the egyptians with all my wonders that i will do among them. then he will send you away.

Exodus 3:21 i will give this people grace before the egyptians, and whenever you go, you will not go free.

Exodus 3:22 a woman will ask for her fellow husband and her town silver, silver and clothing. you will put them on your sons and your daughters, and you will leave the egyptians.

Exodus 4:1 moses replied, " if they do not believe me or listen to my voice, because they will say, ' the lord has not appeared to you ! ' "

Exodus 4:2 so the lord said to him, " what is this in your hand ? " he replied, " a staff. "

Exodus 4:3 he said, " throw it down to the earth. " so he throw it down to the ground, and it became a serpent, and moses flowed off from it.

Exodus 4:4 then the lord said to moses, " stretch out your hand and take it on the bow ! " so he extended his hand and touched it, so that it became a staff in his hand.

Exodus 4:5 " so that they believe that the lord, the god of abraham, isaac, and jacob, has been revealed to you. "

Exodus 4:6 then the lord said to him again, " put your hand into your bound ! " so he threw his hand into his side, and when he had taken out his hand, his hand was like a snow like a snow.

Exodus 4:7 then he said, " put again your hand into your bound. " and he threw his hand into his bound, and when he sailed it out, look again, she became again like his flesh.

Exodus 4:8 " but if they do not believe you or obey the first signs, they believe the voice of the last sign.

Exodus 4:9 but if they do not believe these two miraculous signs or listen to your voice, then take some water from the river and call it on the dround. then the water you take from the river will become blood on the dround. "

Exodus 4:10 but moses said to the lord, " ach, lord, i am not worthy as long ago, or from the time you have spoken to speak to your servant. i am hard and hard tongue. "

Exodus 4:11 but the lord said to him, " who has given the man ' s mouth ? who does a stumbling or a poor, seeking or blind ? am i not, the lord ?

Exodus 4:12 so go now, and i will be with your mouth and will understand what you will say. "

Exodus 4:13 but moses replied, " ag, lord, send out another who is able to send. "

Exodus 4:14 then the spirit of the lord was enflamed against moses and said, " is not your brother aaron the leviet ? i know that he himself will speak to you. he is going out to incontro you, and when he see you, he will joy in himself.

Exodus 4:15 you must speak to him and put my words into his mouth, and i will be with your mouth and his mouth and will instruct you what you should do.

Exodus 4:16 he will speak to you to the people, and he will be your mouth, and you will be his god.

Exodus 4:17 take this scepter in your hand, by which you will do the miraculous signs. "

Exodus 4:18 so moses went back to his schoonvader jetro and said, " let me go back to my brothers in egypt, to see if they are still alive. " jetro said to moses, " go free ! "

Exodus 4:19 after these days, the king of egypt died, and the lord said to moses in midian, " go and go to egypt, for all those who were seeking your life have been dead. "

Exodus 4:20 so moses took his wife and his children and put them on a yoke and returned to egypt. moses took the staff of god in his hand.

Exodus 4:21 then the lord said to moses, " when you return to egypt, see that you will do before pharaoh all the wonders i have given in your hand. but i will endure his heart, so that he will never send the people.

Exodus 4:22 you say to pharaoh, ' so says the lord : israel is my firstborn son.

Exodus 4:23 and i tell you, send my son away, so he will serve me. but if you refuses to send him out, look, i will kill your son, your firstborn. ' "

Exodus 4:24 as he was on the road, the lord came to him and wanted to kill him.

Exodus 4:25 then siphora took a seed, circumcided the uncircumcised of her son and fell on his feet and said, " you are a blood of blood ! "

Exodus 4:26 so he left him, because she said, " you are blood of blood ! " for the circumcision.

Exodus 4:27 then the lord said to aaron, " go out to meet moses into the wilderness. " so he went and spotted him on the mountain of god, and kissed him.

Exodus 4:28 then moses told aaron all the words that the lord had sent, and all the miraculous signs he had commanded him.

Exodus 4:29 so moses and aaron went and gathered together all the elders of the israelites.

Exodus 4:30 so aaron told all the things that the lord had spoken to moses, and he did the miraculous signs before the people.

Exodus 4:31 the people believed. when they heard that the lord had visited to the people of israel and had seen their suffering, they worshiped and worshiped.

Exodus 5:1 after this, moses and aaron went to pharaoh and said to him, " so says the lord god of israel, ' let my people send out, so that they may celebrate a feast for me in the wilderness. "

Exodus 5:2 but pharaoh replied, " who is the lord, whom i will listen to his voice to send israel out ? i do not know the lord, and i will not send israel. "

Exodus 5:3 they said, " the god of the hebreans has called us. therefore let us go out for three days into the wilderness to offer sacrifice to the lord our god, so that he may not cause us with death or sword. "

Exodus 5:4 but the king of egypt said to them, " moses and aaron, why can you reject the people from his works ? go to his works ! "

Exodus 5:5 and pharaoh said, " look, the people are now great, and you have rejected them from their work ? "

Exodus 5:6 then pharaoh gave this order to the officers of the people and the experts in the law,

Exodus 5:7 " you must not give the people a foot for the tickle like gister-forever. they should go and gather a strock for themselves.

Exodus 5:8 do not take away anything of the teckle that they are done each day. you should not take away nothing, for they are distressed. so they cry out, " let us go and offer sacrifice to our god ! '

Exodus 5:9 let the works of these men be greatly astonished, so that they should not be troubled with false words ! "

Exodus 5:10 then the officers and the experts in the law went away and said to the people, " so says pharaoh : i do not give you a strock again.

Exodus 5:11 go and gather a stroh where you find, but nothing will be rejected from your order. "

Exodus 5:12 so the people were dispersed throughout egypt to gather strocks for a strock.

Exodus 5:13 the oppointed practice them, saying, " complete your work every day, as when there was a hall. "

Exodus 5:14 then the experts in the law of the people of israel who had been charged over them by pharaon ' s officiers, and they were saying, " why did you not accomplish your access of ticks like gister-day and today ? "

Exodus 5:15 so the experts in the law of the israelites came and cried out to pharaoh, saying, " why are you doing this with your slaves ?

Exodus 5:16 " they are not given a battle to your servants, and they say to us : ' make it ! " and look, your servants are struck, and you have sin against your people. "

Exodus 5:17 but he said, " you are greatly distressed ! so you say, ' let us go and offer offering to the lord. '

Exodus 5:18 so go and work. the strock will not be given to you, but you will repay the constance of ticks. "

Exodus 5:19 when the experts in the law of the israelites saw yourselves in a affliction, saying, " you will not leave the calling in every day. "

Exodus 5:20 when they had gone from pharaoh, they assembled moses and aaron, who stood before them.

Exodus 5:21 and they said to them, " let the lord see you and judge you, because you have made our food in the presence of pharaoh and before his servants to put a sword in their hands, to kill us. "

Exodus 5:22 then moses returned to the lord and said, " lord, why have you done this people wrong ? why have you sent me ?

Exodus 5:23 since i went to pharaoh to speak in your name he has done evil to this people, and you have not delivered your people. "

Exodus 6:1 but the lord said to moses, " you will see what i will do to pharaoh, because with start hand he will send them out, and with started hand he will drive them out of his own country. "

Exodus 6:2 god said to moses, " i am the lord.

Exodus 6:3 i appeared to abraham, isaac, and jacob, the all-powerful god, but i did not recognize to them by my name.

Exodus 6:4 so i made my covenant with them to give them the land of canaan, the land where they were foreigners and where they were foreigners.

Exodus 6:5 i have heard the suffering of the sons of israel, whom the egyptians serve them, and i remembered your covenant.

Exodus 6:6 so tell the people of israel, ' i am the lord, and i will remove you from the group of the egyptians and release you from the slaves, and will redee you with extermed arm and great judgments.

Exodus 6:7 i will take you as my people and be your god, and you will know that i am the lord your god, who sakes you out of the violence of the egyptians.

Exodus 6:8 and i will bring you into the land that i spoke to give it to abraham, isaac, and jacob, and i will give it to you as possession. i am the lord. ' "

Exodus 6:9 moses said this to the people of israel, but they did not listen to moses because of the weak and hard work.

Exodus 6:10 then the lord said to moses,

Exodus 6:11 " enter and tell pharaoh, the king of egypt, to send the israelites out of his country. "

Exodus 6:12 but moses said to the lord, " look, the people of israel did not listen to me. how can pharaoh listen to me, though i am uncircumcised ? "

Exodus 6:13 but the lord said to moses and aaron, and he commanded them to pharaoh, king of egypt, to send the israelites out of egypt.

Exodus 6:14 these are the families of their families : the sons of ruben, the firstborn of israel, was : hanoch, pallu, hecron and karmi. these were the familes of ruben.

Exodus 6:15 the sons of simeon : jemuel, jamin, ohad, jachin, zohar, and saul, the son of a kanaanitian. these were the familes of simeon.

Exodus 6:16 these are the name of the sons of levi, as long as they were : gerson, kehat, and merari. now levi ' s life was 137 years.

Exodus 6:17 the sons of gerson were libni and shimei, for their familes.

Exodus 6:18 the sons of kahath were amram, jishar, hebron, and uzziel. kehat lived a hundred thirty and thirty years.

Exodus 6:19 the sons of merari : mahli and muusi. these were the familes of levi, their familes.

Exodus 6:20 amram took his father jochebed for his wife, and she gave him aaron and moses. amram were about 132 years.

Exodus 6:21 the sons of jizhar were : korah, nefeg, and zikri.

Exodus 6:22 usziel ' s sons was mishufan, eltsafan and sitri.

Exodus 6:23 aaron married elizabeth, a daughter of amminadab, sister of nahson, and she gave him nadab, abihu, eleazar, and ithamar.

Exodus 6:24 the sons of korah : asir, elkana, and abiasaph. these were the familes of korah.

Exodus 6:25 eleazar the son of aaron took a wife from the daughters of putiel, and she gave him phinehas. these were the families of the familes of the levits according to their familes.

Exodus 6:26 this is the aaron and moses, to whom the lord said, " bring the israelites out of the land of egypt according to their takes. "

Exodus 6:27 these were the ones who spoke to pharaoh, the king of egypt, to bring the israelites out of egypt.

Exodus 6:28 when the lord spoke to moses in egypt,

Exodus 6:29 then the lord said to moses, " i am the lord. tell pharaoh, king of egypt, everything i tell you. "

Exodus 6:30 but moses said to the lord, " look, i am suffering. how can pharaoh listen to me ? "

Exodus 7:1 then the lord said to moses, " look, i have put you an god for pharaoh, and aaron your brother will be your prophet.

Exodus 7:2 you will speak everything i command you, and your brother aaron will speak to pharaoh so that he must send the israelites out of his own land.

Exodus 7:3 but i will endule pharaon ' s heart, and i will increase my miraculous signs and wonders in egypt.

Exodus 7:4 pharaoh will not listen to you, but i will extend my hand on egypt, and i will bring my power, my people, the israelites, out of the land of egypt with great judgment.

Exodus 7:5 when i extender your hand on egypt and bring the israelites out of their middle, the egyptians will know that i am the lord. "

Exodus 7:6 so moses and aaron did what the lord had commanded them ; so they did.

Exodus 7:7 moses was thirty years and aaron for eighty-three years when they spoke to pharaoh.

Exodus 7:8 then the lord said to moses and aaron,

Exodus 7:9 " if pharaoh speaks to you, ' make a sign ! ' then you will say to aaron, ' take your staf and throw it before pharaoh, so it will become a dragon. ' "

Exodus 7:10 so moses and aaron went before pharaoh and did what the lord had commanded. aaron heat his staf before pharaoh and before his servants, and it became a dragon.

Exodus 7:11 so pharaoh called the wisdom of egypt and the magicers, and the egyptians did the same thing with their magiracles.

Exodus 7:12 each one threw his staff, and they became a dragon. but the scepter of aaron swallowed their staves.

Exodus 7:13 but pharaoh ' s heart was strengthened, and he did not listen to them, just as the lord had spoken.

Exodus 7:14 then the lord said to moses, " pharaoh ' s heart is hard, he will not leave the people.

Exodus 7:15 go to pharaoh the morning. look, he is going out to the water. stand before him on the bread of the river, and take the staf that has turned into a serpent take in your hand.

Exodus 7:16 and tell him, ' the lord, the god of the hebreans, sent me to you to say, ' let my people send out so that they may serve me in the wilderness. but yet you have not heard until this.

Exodus 7:17 so says the lord, ' by this you will know that i am the lord : look, i will strike with the staff i have in my hand to the water that is in the river, and it will become blood.

Exodus 7:18 the fish in the river will be put to death, and the river will rule so that the egyptians will not drink water from the river. ' "

Exodus 7:19 then the lord said to moses, " tell aaron : take your staf and streck out your hand on the water of egypt, on their flowns, their flowns, their flocks, their sheep, and all their flocks, so that they will become blood. then there will be blood in all the land of egypt, both in clothing and in stones. "

Exodus 7:20 moses and aaron did just as the lord had commanded. he raised his staff and struck the water that was in the river before pharaoh and before his servants, and all the water in the river became blood.

Exodus 7:21 the fish in the river died, and the river rose, so that the egyptians were not able to drink water from the river. there was blood in all the region of egypt.

Exodus 7:22 but the egyptians did the same thing with their masters. but pharaon ' s heart was endured, and he did not listen to them, just as the lord had spoken.

Exodus 7:23 so pharaoh turned and went home, but did not close his mind even this.

Exodus 7:24 all the egyptians grow around the river to drink water, because they could not drink water from the river.

Exodus 7:25 so seven days, after the lord had loved the river.

Exodus 8:1 then the lord said to moses, " go to pharaoh and tell him, ' so says the lord : send my people out, so that they will serve me.

Exodus 8:2 if you decide to send them away, look, i will strike all your regions with flashes.

Exodus 8:3 when the river will be districted, the rive will spend flashes. they will go up and enter your homes, in your bed, on your bed, in the house of your servants, to your people, in your pocks and in your backs.

Exodus 8:4 the ranges will come away on you, to your people and on all your servants, and on your people.

Exodus 8:5 then the lord said to moses, " tell aaron : extend your hand with your staf on the rivers, on the pains, and on the flowns, and bring the fromches up over the land. ' "

Exodus 8:6 aaron extended his hand on the water of egypt, and when the frunks came up, they revealed egypt.

Exodus 8:7 the mages of egypt did the same thing with their masters, and they brought frosses up on the land of egypt.

Exodus 8:8 after this, pharaoh called moses and aaron and said, " pray to the lord to depart the ranches from me and from my people, so i will send the people away to sacrifice to the lord. "

Exodus 8:9 moses said to pharaoh : " make for me when i should pray for you, for your servants, and for your people, to destroy the fofs from you, from your homes, and only in the river. "

Exodus 8:10 he said, " morning. " then he said, " take what you have said, so that you may know there there is no one like your lord, your god.

Exodus 8:11 the raves will be divided from you, from your homes, from your servants, and from your people. only in the river they will remain. "

Exodus 8:12 so moses and aaron went out from pharaoh, and moses called to the lord for the read that he had put up to pharaoh.

Exodus 8:13 the lord made what moses said, and the ranches died from the towns, from the villages, from the field, and from the field.

Exodus 8:14 they gathered them along, and they gathered them in pieces, and the land greated.

Exodus 8:15 when moses saw that there was suffering, he endured up his heart and did not listen to them, just as the lord had spoken.

Exodus 8:16 the lord said to moses : " tell aaron, strew out your staf and struck the stof of the earth, so they will become falling in all the land of egypt. "

Exodus 8:17 after this, aaron extended his hand with his staf and struck the stof of the earth, and there were flakters on people and by foundation, and all the stof of the earth were basked in all the land of egypt.

Exodus 8:18 the magerors did the same way with their mages, to bring the baskets, but they did not go it. so there were fletters on people and by flesh.

Exodus 8:19 when the officers said to pharaoh, " this is god ' s finger. " but pharaoh ' s heart was endured, and he did not listen to them, just as the lord had spoken.

Exodus 8:20 then the lord said to moses : " stand up early in the morning and stand before pharaoh, because he will go out to the water, and say to him, ' so says the lord : send my people out so that they can serve me.

Exodus 8:21 if you decides to send my people, i will send on you, on your servants, on your people, and on your homes, and the household of the egyptians will be filled with wilders and the land where they live.

Exodus 8:22 in that day i will spend the land of gosen on which my people live, so that there will not be moses ' s moses, so that you may know that i am the lord in the earth.

Exodus 8:23 i will make a suffering among my people and your people. on the next day this sign will be in the earth.

Exodus 8:24 just as the lord made this, he happened in the house of pharaoh and in the house of his servants, and in all the region of egypt the land was destroyed by the wilders.

Exodus 8:25 then pharaoh called moses and aaron and said, " go and offer sacrifice to your god in the land. "

Exodus 8:26 moses replied, " it is not able to be like this, for we will offer the offerings of the egyptians for the lord our god. if we sacrifice the abominations of the egyptians in their eyes, we will be stoned with stones ?

Exodus 8:27 in the journey of three days we will go into the wilderness and offer offering to the lord our god, as he promised.

Exodus 8:28 when it is order, pharaoh said, " i will send you out to offer sacrifice to the lord your god in the wilderness, but do not go far away. pray for me. "

Exodus 8:29 moses replied, " instead, when i am going out from you, i will pray to the lord that the flumes will go away from you, from your servants, and from his people tomorrow. let pharaoh no longer deceive, because he does not send the people to sacrifice to the lord. "

Exodus 8:30 as it was different, moses went out from pharaoh and prayed to the lord.

Exodus 8:31 the lord made what moses had promised, and he destroyed the figs from pharaoh, from his servants, and from his people. there was no one left.

Exodus 8:32 in this very time, pharaoh endured his heart even this very time, and he did not send the people to go.

Exodus 9:1 then the lord said to moses, " enter pharaoh and tell him, ' so says the lord, the god of the hebreans : send my people out, so that they will serve me.

Exodus 9:2 for if you decide to leave my people and still insult it,

Exodus 9:3 look, the hand of the lord will fall on your beast in the field, on the horses, on the esels, on the camels, on the birds, on the sheep, on the sheep and the sheep.

Exodus 9:4 but the lord will reveal the beast of the egyptians and the flesh of the egyptians, so that nothing of everything for the children of israel will be put to death. ' "

Exodus 9:5 and the lord gave a time, saying, " tomorrow the lord will do this in the earth. "

Exodus 9:6 the next day the lord made this way, and all the beast of the egyptians died, but no one was died from the beast of the israelites.

Exodus 9:7 when pharaoh saw that there was no one of the beast of israel died. but the heart of pharaoh endured, and he did not send the people away.

Exodus 9:8 then the lord said to moses and aaron, " get your hands full of sheep of furnace, and moses will take it down to heaven before pharaoh.

Exodus 9:9 so it will become a stof over all the land of egypt, and in all the region of egypt will become blisers in all the region of egypt. "

Exodus 9:10 so they took the scroll of the fig office and stood before pharaoh, and moses broke it up to heaven, and there was blissing smocks in people and animals.

Exodus 9:11 the magistrates were not able to stand before moses because of the sores, because the sores were in the towers and in all the region of egypt.

Exodus 9:12 but the lord endured pharaon ' s heart, and he did not listen to them, just as the lord had commanded him.

Exodus 9:13 then the lord said to moses, " get up early in the morning and stand before pharaoh and tell him, ' so says the lord, the god of the hebreans : send my people out so that they may serve me.

Exodus 9:14 for now now i will send all my plagues against your heart, against your servants, and against your people, so that you may know there there is no one like me on the whole earth.

Exodus 9:15 for now when i sent my hand, i will strike you and your people with death, so that you may be taken out of the earth.

Exodus 9:16 but for this reason i have rejected you to show my power in you and so that my name may be proclaimed throughout the whole earth.

Exodus 9:17 you live along with my people and do not send them away ?

Exodus 9:18 " look ! tomorrow, at this time, i will give a greatly great hail that has never been like this in egypt from the day he was created until this day.

Exodus 9:19 now send out to gather your feet and everything you have on the field, for all people and feet that find on the field and will not enter the house, the hail will fall on them and will be put to death. ' "

Exodus 9:20 those of pharaoh ' s servants, who feared the message of the lord, brought his servants and his beast into the house.

Exodus 9:21 but the one who did not recognize the word of the lord left his servants and his feet in the field.

Exodus 9:22 then the lord said to moses, " streck your hand out to heaven, so there will be hail in all the land of egypt, both on people, both beast, and every ground on the earth in the region of egypt. "

Exodus 9:23 then moses extended his hand to heaven, and the lord gave tormges and hagel, and fire restored on the earth, and the lord breathed hagel on the land of egypt.

Exodus 9:24 now there was hail and fire flaming in the hail, and there was a great number of hail that had never happened in all the people of egypt from the time they became nation.

Exodus 9:25 the hagel struck in all the region of egypt all the birds that were on the field, both people and beast, and the hagel fracked all the birds in the field.

Exodus 9:26 but in the land gosen where the israelites were, there there was no hail.

Exodus 9:27 so pharaoh sent moses and aaron and said to them, " i have sinned this very time. the lord is righteous, but i and my people are ungodly.

Exodus 9:28 pray to the lord that the donces of god and the hail may be completed. so i will send you away, and you will never remain there. "

Exodus 9:29 moses said to him, " when i go out of the city, i will extend my hands to the lord, and the tours will find away, and there will be no longer rain so that you may know that the earth is from the lord.

Exodus 9:30 but i know that you and your servants will not fear god of the lord of you. "

Exodus 9:31 the linen and the weast were struck, for the germ was present and the linen seed was seed.

Exodus 9:32 but the food and the dorm were not destroyed, for they were greed.

Exodus 9:33 then moses went out of pharaoh outside the city and extended his hands to the lord. then the tonderers and the hail restored, and rain was not toward the earth.

Exodus 9:34 now when pharaoh saw that the rain and the hagel and the tonderers had completed, he continued to sin again and endured his heart, he and his servants.

Exodus 9:35 so pharaoh ' s heart was endured, and he did not send the israelites out, just as the lord had spoken to moses.

Exodus 10:1 then the lord said to moses, " go to pharaoh, for i have endured his heart, the heart of his servants, so that i could perform these miraculous signs among them,

Exodus 10:2 so that you may proclaim to your children and your child what i have done to egypt, and my miraculous signs i have done among them, so that you may know that i am the lord. "

Exodus 10:3 then moses and aaron went before pharaoh and said to him, " so says the lord, the god of the hebreans : how long will you not want to respect before me ? send my people away so that they may serve me !

Exodus 10:4 for if you decide to send my people away, i will tomorrow bring great locusts on your region,

Exodus 10:5 they will bear the face of the earth, so that they will not see the earth, and they will consume the rest of the earth that has left over you that has left over, and will consume every tree that flues for you on the earth.

Exodus 10:6 they will be filled your household, the huusehold of all your servants and the huusehold of all the egyptians. they have never seen what your ancestors or your ancestors have seen from the day they became on the earth until this day. " so he turned and went out from pharaoh.

Exodus 10:7 but pharaons ' s slaves said to him, " how long can this man be a strick for us ? send the men to serve the lord their god. do you not know that egypt has become destructed ? "

Exodus 10:8 then they brought moses and aaron back to pharaoh. he said to them, " go and serve the lord your god ! who are they who are going ? "

Exodus 10:9 moses replied, " we will go with our young men and the elders, with our sons and daughters, with our sheep and our bears, for we are a feast for the lord. "

Exodus 10:10 but he said to them, " may the lord be with you, just as i send you and your children ! see that there is evil for you !

Exodus 10:11 this is not so. let the men go and serve the lord, for this is what you were looking. " so they threw them out of pharaoh ' s presence.

Exodus 10:12 then the lord said to moses, " streck out your hand on egypt, so that the locusts will go up on the land of egypt, so that they will consume all the ground of the earth, all that the hail left. "

Exodus 10:13 so moses raised his staff over the land of israel, and the lord brought a negev wind over the land all that day and all the night. when the morning came, the east of the east took the locusts.

Exodus 10:14 the locusts came over all the region of egypt and passed in all the regions of egypt. there was no number like her, and after these things there will never be.

Exodus 10:15 they opened the face of the earth, so that the earth was torned. they devoured all the group of the earth and all the fruit of the trees that had left the hail. there was nothing green in the trees or in the mart of the field in all the land of egypt.

Exodus 10:16 so pharaoh called eagerly moses and aaron and said, " i have sinned against the lord your god and against you.

Exodus 10:17 now remain this reason my sins and pray to the lord your god to reject this death from me. "

Exodus 10:18 so moses went out from pharaoh and prayed to the lord.

Exodus 10:19 then the lord gathered a great startful wind that took the locusts and throwed it into the red sea. there was no one left in all the region of egypt.

Exodus 10:20 but the lord endured pharaoh ' s heart, so that he did not leave the people of israel.

Exodus 10:21 then the lord said to moses, " streck your hand out to heaven, so there will be darkness over egypt, think of darkness. "

Exodus 10:22 then moses extended his hand to heaven, and there was a darken darkness in all the land of egypt for three days.

Exodus 10:23 no one saw each other, and no one was raised from his place for three days. but all the israelites were light in their wonders.

Exodus 10:24 then pharaoh called moses and said, " go and serve the lord. only your sheep and your horns must be away except your sheep and your horns. "

Exodus 10:25 but moses said, " you will also give us sacrifices and sacrifices that we will offer to the lord our god.

Exodus 10:26 our beast will go with us. we will do no root left, for we will take some of them to serve the lord our god. we do not know what we will serve the lord until we come there. "

Exodus 10:27 but the lord endured pharaon ' s heart, so that he would not release him.

Exodus 10:28 pharaoh said, " go away from me ! beware that you will see my face again, because on the day you appear to me you will die. "

Exodus 10:29 moses replied, " you said, i will never see you again. "

Exodus 11:1 then the lord said to moses, " i will bring one plage over pharaoh and on egypt, and after this he will send you away from here. whenever he send you away, he will drive you away from here.

Exodus 11:2 " tell the people, each one must ask for his neighbor and each woman from his husband silver, silver and clothing. "

Exodus 11:3 now the lord gave the people grace in the eyes of the egyptians. even moses was great great in egypt ' s eyes, in the presence of pharaoh, and in the presence of all the men.

Exodus 11:4 moses said, " so says the lord : " about midnight i will go into egypt.

Exodus 11:5 and all the firstborn in egypt will be died, from the firstborn of pharaoh, who sits on his throne, until the firstborn of the slave woman who is by the mill, and all the firstborn of the beast.

Exodus 11:6 there will be great voice in all the land of egypt, which has never happened and so no longer will be happened.

Exodus 11:7 but in all the people of israel a hund will not grunder his tongue, both people or birds, so that you may know that the lord will break praise among the egyptians and the people of israel.

Exodus 11:8 then all these your servants will come down to me and present before me and say, ' go out, you and all the people that are with you. after this i will go out. " so moses went out of pharaoh with anger.

Exodus 11:9 but the lord said to moses, " pharaoh will not listen to you so that my wonders may increase in the land of egypt. "

Exodus 11:10 now moses and aaron did these all these wonders before pharaoh. but the lord endured pharaon ' s heart, and he did not send israel out of egypt.

Exodus 12:1 now the lord said to moses and aaron in egypt, saying,

Exodus 12:2 " this money must be the first month for you. it is the first month for you in the night of the year.

Exodus 12:3 speak to the whole israelitity, saying, " on the tighth day of this month each one will take a sheep for each family, a sheep for house.

Exodus 12:4 but if the house is a few person so that it is not worthy for a sheep, then the neighbor of his neighbor, according to the number of people. each one should number for the sheep for the sheep.

Exodus 12:5 you will take a feast of lamb, a fear of a fear, for you will receive.

Exodus 12:6 you should guard it until the four fourth day of this month, and the whole israelitity of the group of israel will kill it at the evening.

Exodus 12:7 they will take some of the blood and stryke it on the two wells and on the staff of the house in the house where they eat it.

Exodus 12:8 in that night they will eat the flesh separed with fire, and unleavened bread and bitterly bread they will eat.

Exodus 12:9 you must not eat from it a homer or thrown in water, but only bleved with fire, both head, feet, and intestings.

Exodus 12:10 you should not left it until the morning, but what remains from it until the morning you will burn it in fire.

Exodus 12:11 you must eat it : have your heads clothing, your sandals on your feet and your staff in your hand, and you will eat it trying to eat. this is the passover to the lord.

Exodus 12:12 " in that night i will go through egypt and will kill every firstborn in egypt, both people and feet, and i will punish justice over all the dieux of the egyptians. i am the lord !

Exodus 12:13 the blood will be a sign against you on the towns where you are. when i see the blood, i will reject you, so that there will be no plage against you when i stop the land of egypt.

Exodus 12:14 this day will be a memorial for you, and celebrate the feast for the lord. in all your generations you will celebrate it as a eternal instance.

Exodus 12:15 " seven days, on the first day, you will eat unleavened bread from your homes. for every person who eats unleavened bread from the first day until the seventh day, that person must be taken out of israel.

Exodus 12:16 on the first day there will be a holy convoction, and on the seventh day there will be a holy convoction. there must not take any work work in them, except whatever you make every person.

Exodus 12:17 hold the offering bread, because on this day i have brought your crowds out of the land of egypt. so you will celebrate this day generations as a eternal instance.

Exodus 12:18 on the four and four day of the first month, from the afternoon, you will eat unleavened bread, until the twelve day of the month.

Exodus 12:19 seven days there must be no yeast in your homes. for every person who eats a least of saured bread must be taken out of the congregment of israel, both the ineigning or the ineigning in the earth.

Exodus 12:20 you must not eat anything uneavened, in every place where you live, eat unleavened bread. "

Exodus 12:21 then moses called all the elders of israel and said to them, " go and take sheep for your familes and sacrifice the passover.

Exodus 12:22 take a chip of isop and tauch it in the blood that is in the sound, and sick the food and the two wains of the blood that is on the door, but each of you must never go out of his house until the morning.

Exodus 12:23 for the lord will pass away to strike the egyptians. when he sees the blood on the pill and on the two women, the lord will pass through the door, and will not permit the destruction to enter into your homes to strike.

Exodus 12:24 hold this as a instance for you and your children for all times.

Exodus 12:25 when you enter the land that the lord will give you, just as he promised, you will obey this service.

Exodus 12:26 " whenever your children will tell you, ' what is this service ? '

Exodus 12:27 then you will say, " this is the sacrifice of the passover for the lord, who went away from the house of the sons of israel in egypt when he divided the egyptians, but has healed our house. " so the people turned down and worshiped.

Exodus 12:28 so the people went and did what the lord had commanded moses and aaron, so they did.

Exodus 12:29 about midnight the lord killed all the firstborn in egypt, from the firstborn of pharaoh, who was sitting on his throne, until the firstborn of the captive that was in the prison, and all the firstborn of the beast.

Exodus 12:30 so pharaoh got up at night, he and all his servants, and all the egyptians, and there was a great voice in egypt, for there was no house where there was no dead.

Exodus 12:31 then he called moses and aaron in the night and said, " get up and go out of my people, you and the people of israel ! go and serve the lord, just as you have said.

Exodus 12:32 take your sheep and your boves and go and give thanks me too. "

Exodus 12:33 so the egyptians tried the people in a hair to drive them out of the earth, because they said, " we will all die ! "

Exodus 12:34 so the people took their measure before they were lived ; they put their cloaks in their clothing and placed it on their homs.

Exodus 12:35 now the israelites did as moses had told them, and they asked for the egyptians sils of silver, silver, and clothing.

Exodus 12:36 and the lord gave grace to the people in the presence of the egyptians, and they gave them it. so they seized the egyptians.

Exodus 12:37 so the israelites left ramses to succoth, about seventy thousand fooders, except the children.

Exodus 12:38 many little people accompanied them, even sheep, hors, and sheep in great number.

Exodus 12:39 they threw unleavened bread to the food they had brought out of egypt. for it was not suffered because they had thrown them out of the egypt, and they were not able to remain, and they did not provide food for themselves.

Exodus 12:40 now the time of the people of israel who remained in egypt was four hundred thirty years.

Exodus 12:41 after the four hundred and thirty years all the power of the lord came out of the land of egypt.

Exodus 12:42 this night is a guard for the lord because he led them out of the land of egypt. this night is the guard for the lord for all the israelites generations.

Exodus 12:43 then the lord said to moses and aaron, " this is the law about passover : no extrander should eat from it.

Exodus 12:44 but every servant who has been hoped will eat from it.

Exodus 12:45 a fooster or a loon should not eat from it.

Exodus 12:46 in a same house it will be eating, and you will not bring the flesh out of the house outside, and do not break the beast from it.

Exodus 12:47 the whole israel will make this way.

Exodus 12:48 " if someone extrancy does come with you to celebrate the passover to the lord, every mannilahy must be circumcised. then he must come and celebrate it, and he will be like the incircumcised. but no uncircumcised person should eat it.

Exodus 12:49 there will be a single law for the money and for the fremder who lives among you. "

Exodus 12:50 so the israelites did just as the lord commanded moses and aaron, so they did.

Exodus 12:51 at that time the lord brought the israelites out of the land of egypt, hær for familes.

Exodus 13:1 then the lord said to moses,

Exodus 13:2 " sanctifig me every firstborn, the child of every child among the people of israel, both people and beast. they are my.

Exodus 13:3 then moses said to the people, " remember this day when you went out of egypt, from the house of slaves, for the lord has brought you out of here with starte hand. so you should not eat yeast.

Exodus 13:4 you go out on this day, in the month abib.

Exodus 13:5 when the lord bring you into the land of the cananeans, the hetitans, the amoreens, the perizzians, the hevies, and the jebusees, which he swore to your ancestors to give you, in a land spring of milk and honey, you will make this service in this month.

Exodus 13:6 six days you may eat unleavened bread, but the seventh day is the feast of the lord.

Exodus 13:7 you will eat food for seven days. there must not be seen for you food, and there must not be surdejmed for you in all your territory.

Exodus 13:8 in that day you will tell your son, saying, ' this is because the lord has done for me when i went out of egypt. '

Exodus 13:9 it will be a sign on your hand and a memorial on your eyes, so that the law of the lord may be in your mouth, because with start hand the lord has brought you out of egypt.

Exodus 13:10 you must obey this law in your time, every year.

Exodus 13:11 " when the lord brought you into the land of the canaan, just as he promised you and your ancestors, and has given it to you,

Exodus 13:12 then remove the child to the lord every person who causes the mouth of the beast of the beast of the beast you possess will be the child to the lord.

Exodus 13:13 " all the firstborn of the eselin must reject with a dorn, but if you does not reject it, to release him. you will release every firstborn of human child.

Exodus 13:14 and when your son asked you, ' what is this ? ' you will say to him, ' the lord has led us out of egypt, from the slavering house.

Exodus 13:15 for when pharaoh endured him to send us away, he killed all the firstborn in egypt, from the firstborn of people to the firstborn of beast. therefore i will offer to the lord every person who reveads the child, and i will redee every firstborn of my sons. '

Exodus 13:16 it will be a sign on your hand and a help among your eyes, for the lord has brought us out of egypt with starter hand. "

Exodus 13:17 now when pharaoh sent the people, god did not lead them on the way of the land of the philistian because it was near, for god said, " that the people would not repent when they see the battle and return to egypt. "

Exodus 13:18 but god appointed the people through the road of the wilderness to the red sea. so the israelites went up a severe generation from egypt.

Exodus 13:19 then moses took joseph ' s bears with him, for joseph had joined the israelites with an oath, saying, " god will visit you and take my bears away from here with you. "

Exodus 13:20 so they rushed from succoth and asened the camp in etam, at the other side of the wilderness.

Exodus 13:21 now god was looking for them for a day in a cloud, to show them the way and the night with a fiery stone.

Exodus 13:22 the cloud coll was not away from day, nor the fiery colom night before the whole people.

Exodus 14:1 then the lord said to moses,

Exodus 14:2 " tell the israelites that they turn return and camp before pi-hahiroth, among migdol and the sea, in front of baal-zefon.

Exodus 14:3 pharaoh will say to the people of israel, ' they are deceived in the land, the wilderness has seized them.

Exodus 14:4 i will endule pharaon ' s heart, so that he will persecute them, and i will be glorified in pharaoh and on all his lame, and the egyptians will know that i am the lord. " so they did so.

Exodus 14:5 when the king of egypt was revealed that the people had flow, the heart of pharaoh and of his servants returned against the people, and they said, " what did we done for to send israel away from serving us ? "

Exodus 14:6 so he seized his wadow and brought his people together with him.

Exodus 14:7 he took sexth hundred fearing wags, all the heads of egypt, and the officiers over all.

Exodus 14:8 so the lord endured the heart of pharaoh, the king of egypt, so that he persecuted the israelites, but the people of israel were going out by high hand.

Exodus 14:9 the egyptians persecuted them, all pharaons ' s horses, the horses and his lame, followed them and found them to be laid by the sea, by pi-hahiroth, in front of baal-zefon.

Exodus 14:10 now when pharaoh came up, the israelites looked up and saw that the egyptians followed them. so they were greatly afraid and cried out to the lord.

Exodus 14:11 they said to moses, " since there was no tombs in egypt, have you brought us out to be put to death in the wilderness ? why have you done for us to bring us out of egypt ?

Exodus 14:12 is this not this about what we said to you in egypt, saying, ' let us away, that we may serve the egyptians ? it is better for us to serve the egyptians than to die in this wilderness. "

Exodus 14:13 but moses said to the people, " do not be afraid ! stand up and see the salvation of the lord that he will give to us today. for the egyptians that you have seen on today will you never see them again.

Exodus 14:14 he will combation for you, and you will be silent ! "

Exodus 14:15 then the lord said to moses, " why do you call to me ? tell the israelites that they will go away.

Exodus 14:16 and you, leave your staff, extend your hand on the sea and put it out, so that the israelites can enter in the middle of the sea in the dround.

Exodus 14:17 now i will endure the heart of the egyptians, so that they will enter them. then i will be glorified by pharaoh and on all his lame, on his ways, and on his lows.

Exodus 14:18 the egyptians will know that i am the lord when i will glorify me on pharaoh, on his ways, and on his lows. "

Exodus 14:19 then the angel of god who was going ahead of the camp of israel stood and went back after them. the wolkenstone also stood away from their presence and stood along them.

Exodus 14:20 so he went in among the camp of the egyptians and the leading of israel, and there was darkness and darkness, and the night came through it. so they did not accomplish one another the whole night.

Exodus 14:21 when moses extended his hand on the sea, the lord suffered the sea with a violent wind the whole night, and made the sea in drow, and the water divided.

Exodus 14:22 so the israelites went in the middle of the sea in a dround, and the water were for them a mur at their right hand and at their left.

Exodus 14:23 so the egyptians followed them and followed them in the middle of the sea, all the hors of pharaoh, his waves, and his officiers, into the middle of the sea.

Exodus 14:24 now on the morning of the morning, the lord looked at the camp of the egyptians with a fiery and cloud kolom and destroyed the camp of the egyptians.

Exodus 14:25 he seized the rocks of their wags and brought them completely. so the egyptians replied, " let us fly before israel, for the lord strike for them against the egyptians. "

Exodus 14:26 then the lord said to moses, " streck out your hand on the sea so that the water will return and reveal the egyptians, his waves, and his swears. "

Exodus 14:27 then moses extended his hand on the sea, and when the day came back to his place, the egyptians departed. so the lord destroyed the egyptians in the middle of the sea.

Exodus 14:28 then the water turned and revealed the ways and the swears, the whole power of pharaoh who had accompanied them into the sea. there was no one left from them.

Exodus 14:29 but the israelites went on the suil in the middle of the sea, and the water were for them a mur at their right hand and at their left.

Exodus 14:30 so the lord saved israel on that day from the hand of the egyptians, and israel saw the egyptians dead on the strand of the sea.

Exodus 14:31 when israel saw the great hand that the lord had done for the egyptians, and the people were afraid of the lord and believed in the lord and to moses his servant.

Exodus 15:1 then moses and the people of israel canted this song to the lord and said, " i will sing for the lord, for he is great glorious ; he has thrown heat and roiter into the sea.

Exodus 15:2 he is my salvation and a help. he is my salvation. he is my god, and i will glorify him, the god of my father, and i will reveal him.

Exodus 15:3 the lord is completion, the lord is his name.

Exodus 15:4 pharaon ' s women and his power he put into the sea, and his fellow officiers were destroyed in the red sea.

Exodus 15:5 they have coopped them, they were thrown into the flesh like a stone.

Exodus 15:6 your right hand, lord, is glorified by power, your right hand, lord, cut the enemies.

Exodus 15:7 with your great glory you have broken off your enemies. you sent your wrath, and he devorce them like a row.

Exodus 15:8 by your wrath the waters stood up, the waters stood up like a mugner, the flues fell in the middle of the sea.

Exodus 15:9 the enemy says, ' i will follow, i will take part. i will be filled with my life. i will put out with my sword, my hand will dominy.

Exodus 15:10 you sent your spirit, the sea covered them, they gathered like bly in greatful water.

Exodus 15:11 " who is like you among the sinners, lord ? who is like you, glorified in holy, terrible in glory, speaking wonders ?

Exodus 15:12 you extended your right hand, and the earth divorced them.

Exodus 15:13 you lead in your righteousness this people whom you delivered, you welcomed it with your power to your holy place.

Exodus 15:14 the nations have heard this and they are distressed, mourning of the people of filisth.

Exodus 15:15 then the rulers of edom slandered, greetings of moab took them fear, all the inhabitants of canaan will be distressed.

Exodus 15:16 fear and fear fall on them, because of your great arm they will be stone, until your people pass away, lord, until this people whom you have forced pass away.

Exodus 15:17 bring them in and plant them in the mountain of your possession, for the place you has done for you, lord, the holy place that your hands prepared for you !

Exodus 15:18 the lord will reign forever and ever. "

Exodus 15:19 for pharaoh ' s loats, his ways and his soldiers went into the sea, and the lord brought the waters of the sea on them, but the people of israel were gone by drow in the middle of the sea.

Exodus 15:20 then mary the prophetised, aarons ' sister, took the tamburin in her hand, and all the women went out after her with tamburins and harms.

Exodus 15:21 mary went out to them, saying, " praise to the lord for great glory ! he has thrown heat and roiter into the sea. "

Exodus 15:22 so moses raised the israelites from the red sea, and they went to the wilderness of sur. they went to three days in the wilderness and did not find water.

Exodus 15:23 when they arrived to mara, they could not drink from mara, because it was bitter. therefore they called that place mara.

Exodus 15:24 then the people murmured against moses, saying, " what must we drink ? "

Exodus 15:25 but moses cried to the lord, and the lord showed him a tree. he put it into the water, and the water was suffered. there he gave them instructions and judgments, and there he tempted him.

Exodus 15:26 and said, " if you obey the voice of the lord your god and do what is pleasing for him, and listen to his commandments and obey all his commandments, i will bring no one of disease that i brought to the egyptians, because i am the lord your healthy. "

Exodus 15:27 then they came to elim. there were twelve quellen of water and seventy-palm. they were camped there by the water.

Exodus 16:1 then the whole israelitans came from elim and came to the wilderness sin, which is among elim and sinai, at the fighth day of the second month after they had gone out of egypt.

Exodus 16:2 all the group of the people of israel began to murmure against moses and aaron.

Exodus 16:3 and the israelites said to them, " may we have died by the hand of the lord in egypt, when we sat on the brocks of the flesh and eat bread to be satisfied ! you have brought us out into this wilderness to put all this people to death. "

Exodus 16:4 then the lord said to moses, " look, i will give you bread from heaven, and the people will go out and gather every day what is for day, so that i may test them to test, whether they will go according to my law or not.

Exodus 16:5 on the sixth day they will prepary what they will bring, so it will be two times that they gather every day. "

Exodus 16:6 then moses and aaron said to all the people of israel, " evening you will know that the lord has brought you out of egypt.

Exodus 16:7 and on the evening you will see the glory of the lord because he heard your murmurts against the lord. for what are we that you murmures against us ? "

Exodus 16:8 then moses said, " whenever the lord give you a flesh to eat and early bread to be satisfied, because the lord has heard your murmuraces against him. for who are we ? your murmuraces are not against us but against the lord. "

Exodus 16:9 then moses said to aaron, " tell all the people of israel, " come before the lord, for he has heard your murmurages. "

Exodus 16:10 now while aaron was speaking to the whole israelition, they returned to the wilderness, and the glory of the lord appeared in a cloud.

Exodus 16:11 then the lord said to moses,

Exodus 16:12 " i have heard the murmuraces of the israelites. tell them, ' at the evening you will eat flesh, and on the morning you will be filled with bread, and you will know that i am the lord your god. "

Exodus 16:13 now when evening came, wachtels went up and revealed the camp. at the morning the rosh reassed around the camp.

Exodus 16:14 at the wilderness of the wilderness, on the face of the wilderness, was white as a hair on the ground.

Exodus 16:15 when the israelites saw this, they said to one another, " what is this ? " for they did not know what it was. then moses said to them, " this is the bread that the lord has given you to eat.

Exodus 16:16 " this is what the lord commanded : gather each one of you to your possessions, a homer for each one, according to the number of your souls.

Exodus 16:17 the people of israel did so, and some gathered greater, the other greater.

Exodus 16:18 then they gathered gomer, but the one who had gathered more, and the one who had gathered a minor was not fathered. each one gathered the work he had to eat.

Exodus 16:19 then moses said to them, " let no one left it until the morning. "

Exodus 16:20 but they did not listen to moses, but some left it to the next very morning. then the branches fell and readed, and moses was indignant against them.

Exodus 16:21 so they gathered it every morning, each one according to what he had. but when the sun was suffering, he was distressed.

Exodus 16:22 on the sixth day they gathered the bread for two times, two gomer for each one. then all the rulers of the congregation went and told moses.

Exodus 16:23 then moses said to them, " this is what the lord has said : " tomorrow is a sabbath of require, holy sabbath to the lord. eat whatever you fall, and drink whatever you keep, and leave all that remains for the morning. "

Exodus 16:24 so they left it until the morning, just as moses had instructed. it did not hair, and there was no row.

Exodus 16:25 moses said, " eat it today, for today is a sabbath to the lord. you will not find anything in the field.

Exodus 16:26 " for sex days you will gather, but on the seventh day is a sabbath, on it will there be. "

Exodus 16:27 now on the seventh day some of the people went out to gather, but they did not find it.

Exodus 16:28 then the lord said to moses, " how long will you not want to obey my commandments and my law ?

Exodus 16:29 see that the lord gave you the sabbath. therefore he give you on the sixth day bread for two days. let each one stay in your place, and let no one go out of his place on the seventh day. "

Exodus 16:30 so the people stared on the seventh day.

Exodus 16:31 the people of israel named him manna. ( now it was white as a coriander-seed, white, and it was white like a comp.

Exodus 16:32 then moses said, " this is what the lord commanded : be filled with a gomer for your descendants, so that they may see the bread that i have eaten you in the wilderness when i brought you out of egypt. "

Exodus 16:33 then moses said to aaron, " take a call and put it full of a gomer full of manna and put it before the lord to bear it for your generations. "

Exodus 16:34 as the lord had commanded moses, aaron put it before the testimony in guard.

Exodus 16:35 ( now the people of israel ate the manna for five years until they came into a town of the land of canaan.

Exodus 16:36 now a homer is a tighth of efa.

Exodus 17:1 then the whole israelitans rushed from the wilderness of zin, according to their leaders according to the lord ' s order. they were camp in rephidim, but there was no water to drink for the people.

Exodus 17:2 so the people contented against moses and said, " give us water to drink. " moses said to them, " why are you provoked against me ? why do you test the lord ? "

Exodus 17:3 but the people were thirsty there with water, and they murmured against moses, saying, " why have you brought us out of egypt, so that we and our children and our beast may be thirsty from thirsty ? "

Exodus 17:4 so moses said to the lord, " what should i do to this people ? there is a little while they will stone me. "

Exodus 17:5 then the lord said to moses, " go before the people, and take some of the elders of the people with you, and take the staff with which you struck the river and go.

Exodus 17:6 look, i will stand before you there on the rock in horeb. you will strike the rock, and water will come out of it, so that the people will drink. " moses did so in the presence of the elders of israel.

Exodus 17:7 then he named that place massa and meriba because the people of israel had contempt and because they tempted the lord, saying, " is the lord among us or not ? "

Exodus 17:8 so the amalec came and streyed against israel in rephidim.

Exodus 17:9 then moses said to joshua, " send us men and go out to strike against amalek. morning i will stand on the top of the mountain, and the staff of god is in my hand. "

Exodus 17:10 so joshua did what moses had told him, and streyed against amalek. but moses, aaron, and hur went up on the top of the mountain.

Exodus 17:11 now when moses raised his hands, israel was strengthened, but when he placed his hand, amalek was strengthened.

Exodus 17:12 but when moses ' hands were hard, they took a stone and placed it under him, and he sat on it. aaron and hur strengthened his hands from each side and the other of one side. so moses ' hands were strengthened until the sun came.

Exodus 17:13 so josua divided the amalec and his people with the sword of the sword.

Exodus 17:14 then the lord said to moses, " write this as a memorial in a book and give it to joshua, that i will find away the memorial of amalek under heaven. "

Exodus 17:15 moses bought lord a altar and called it " the lord is my burger ".

Exodus 17:16 because he said, " the lord will make krig against amalek generations, from generation to generation. "

Exodus 18:1 now jetro, the priest of midian, moses ' wife, heard everything god had done to israel and to his own people, that god had brought israel out of egypt.

Exodus 18:2 so jetro, moses ' svigervader, took moses ' wife sippora, the wife of moses,

Exodus 18:3 and his two sons - one of them was gersom, because he said, " i was a foreign country in a foreign country, "

Exodus 18:4 the second named eliezer, because the god of my father was my help and saved me from pharaoh ' s hand. "

Exodus 18:5 then jetro, moses ' schoonvader, went out with his sons and his wife to moses in the wilderness where moses had worked by the mountain of god.

Exodus 18:6 he told moses, " i, your soegvader jetro, is coming to you with your wife and your two sons. "

Exodus 18:7 so moses went out to encontro his wife, worshiped him and kissed him. so they greeted one another and went into the tent.

Exodus 18:8 moses reported to his wedding everything that the lord had done to pharaoh and to the egyptians for the sake of israel, and everything that they had done on the road and how the lord had saved them.

Exodus 18:9 jetro became afraid of all the good things the lord had done for israel, because he saved them from the hand of the egyptians.

Exodus 18:10 then jetro said, " blessed is the lord, who saved his people from the hand of the egyptians and from the hand of pharaoh !

Exodus 18:11 now i know that the lord is great than all the gods, because they have fallen against them.

Exodus 18:12 then jetro, moses ' schoonvader, took the holocausts and sacrifices to god. aaron and all the elders of israel came to eat with moses ' schoonvader before god.

Exodus 18:13 the next day moses sat down to judge the people, and the people stood before moses from the morning until the afternoon.

Exodus 18:14 when the offspring of moses saw everything he was doing the people, he asked, " what is this that you are doing to the people ? why are you seated alone, and all the people stand before you from the morning until the afternoon ? "

Exodus 18:15 moses replied to his women, " the people are coming to me to ask god.

Exodus 18:16 when they have a discussion, they come to me, and i judge each one and one another and instruct the commandments of god and his law. "

Exodus 18:17 but moses ' swifar said to him, " this you do not is right.

Exodus 18:18 you will be destroyed, you and this people who are with you ! for this way is hard for you, you cannot experience it alone.

Exodus 18:19 now listen to me, i will give you instruction, and god will be with you. be you for the people before god, and bring their acts to god.

Exodus 18:20 instruck them the commandments and instructs and proclaim them the way they should do, and the deeds they should do.

Exodus 18:21 then send out of all the people much men, god-fear, god-fear, who hates arrogant, and send them over them over tautiers, hundreders, fifty-hundreds, and difficuls.

Exodus 18:22 they will judge the people every time. they will bring all the greater affection to you, but all the arms of judgments must judge themselves. so they will help you and take it against you. "

Exodus 18:23 if you make this way and god commits you, you will be able to stand, and this people and all this people will come to his own place in peace. "

Exodus 18:24 moses heard the voice of his mother-in-law and did everything he said.

Exodus 18:25 moses escow large men from all israel and made them over them over tautiers of tautiers, hundreders, fifty-fifty, and difficuls.

Exodus 18:26 they judged the people every time, but all excelling things they brought to moses, but all unclean things they judged.

Exodus 18:27 then moses sent his wigeron, and he went to his own land.

Exodus 19:1 on the third month after the leading of the israelites from egypt, that day they came to the wilderness of sinai.

Exodus 19:2 so they left refidim and went to the wilderness of sinai, and placed on the mount of the mountain.

Exodus 19:3 now moses went up to god, and the lord called him from the mountain, saying, " say this to the house of jacob and tell the people of israel :

Exodus 19:4 you have seen what i have done for the egyptians. i brought you on the vings of the arend and brought you before me.

Exodus 19:5 if you obey my voice and obey my covenant, you will be my possession from all the nations, for all the earth is my.

Exodus 19:6 you will be a kingdom of priesthood and a holy nation. these will say to the people of israel. "

Exodus 19:7 so moses came and called the elders of the people and placed before them all these words that god had commanded him.

Exodus 19:8 the whole crowd replied together, " we will do everything the lord has commanded. " so moses brought the message of the people to the lord.

Exodus 19:9 then the lord said to moses, " look, i will come to you in a cloud, so that the people may hear when i speak to you, and to you they will believe forever. " so moses reported the message of the people to the lord.

Exodus 19:10 then the lord said to moses, " come down to the people and clean them today and tomorrow, and wash their clothes.

Exodus 19:11 and be ready for the third day, for on the third day the lord will come down on the presence of all the people on the mountain of sinai.

Exodus 19:12 show the people around around all time, saying, ' beware that you should not go up the mountain or touch his calling. everyone who touches the mountain must be put to death.

Exodus 19:13 no hand will touch him, for it will be stone or stone, whether he is beast or man, he must not live. whenever the trumpet ground, they will ascend on the mountain. "

Exodus 19:14 so moses went down from the mountain to the people, and he sanctified the people, and they washed his clothes.

Exodus 19:15 then he said to the people, " be ready for three days, and do not come to a woman. "

Exodus 19:16 on the third day, when morning came, there were crashes and lightning, and a darken cloud was on the mountain, and there was a great voice of the trumpet, so that all the people who were in the camp were astonished.

Exodus 19:17 then moses brought the people out from the camp to rencontre god, and they stood along the mountain.

Exodus 19:18 all the mountain was revealed, because the lord descended on it in fire, and smoke ascended like smoke of a furnace, and all the mountain was greatly astonished.

Exodus 19:19 the trumpet of the trumpet was greater greater. moses spoke, and god answered him with a voice.

Exodus 19:20 then the lord came down on the mountain of sinai, on the topp of the mountain, and the lord called moses on the top of the mountain, and moses went up.

Exodus 19:21 then god said to moses, " come down and testify to the people, that they may not come to the lord to see, and many of them will fall.

Exodus 19:22 and the priests who are approaching the lord must be sanctified, so that he would not destroy them. "

Exodus 19:23 moses said to the lord, " the people will not go up on the mountain of sinai, for you have testified to us, asking the mountain and sanctificate it. "

Exodus 19:24 but the lord said to him, " go down and come up, you and aaron with you. but the priests and the people should not take violence to go up to the lord so that he may not destroy them. "

Exodus 19:25 so moses went down to the crowd and told them.

Exodus 20:1 then god spoke these words, saying :

Exodus 20:2 " i am the lord your god, who led you out of egypt, from the slave.

Exodus 20:3 you must not have other gods except me.

Exodus 20:4 do not make a idol of idols or any image of what is obove in heaven or alow in the earth or in the water under the earth.

Exodus 20:5 do not worship them or serve them, for i, the lord your god, am a jealous god, who repay the sins of the ancestors on children until three and fourth generation of those who hates me,

Exodus 20:6 but i show mercy to tautions to those who love me and obey my commandments.

Exodus 20:7 you must not take the name of the lord your god in vain, for the lord will not reject the one who practices his name toward nothing.

Exodus 20:8 remember the sabbath day, to make it holy.

Exodus 20:9 six days you work and make all your deeds,

Exodus 20:10 but the seventh day is the sabbath for the lord your god. on it do nothing work, or you, or your son or your daughter, your servant or your slave slaves, or the extrancy who is in your ports.

Exodus 20:11 for in sex days the lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and everything that is in them, but on the seventh day he required. for this reason the lord blessed the sabbath day and sanctified it.

Exodus 20:12 honor your father and mother, so that your longes may live in the land that the lord your god gives you.

Exodus 20:13 you must not murder anything of you.

Exodus 20:14 " you must not commit adultery.

Exodus 20:15 you must not steal by it.

Exodus 20:16 do not testify false testimony against your neighbor.

Exodus 20:17 " do not desire your neighbor ' s wife. do not desire your neighbor ' s house or his council, or his slave slave or his slave slave or whatever is your neighbor. "

Exodus 20:18 when all the people saw the sound and the lamps, the round of the trumpet, and the smocking mountain. when they saw this, they stood from a distance.

Exodus 20:19 they said to moses, " speak you with us, and let god speak to us that we may not die. "

Exodus 20:20 moses said to the people, " do not be afraid, for god has come to test to test you, so that his fear may be before you, so that you may not sin. "

Exodus 20:21 so the people stood in a distance, but moses went into the darkness where god was.

Exodus 20:22 then the lord said to moses, " tell the people of israel, ' you have seen that i have spoken to you from heaven.

Exodus 20:23 do not make yourselves guests of silver, or do not make god of gold for yourselves.

Exodus 20:24 make a altar of earth to me and offer on it your branquers and your salvation, your sheep, your sheep, and your bears. in every place where i acknowledge my name i will come to you and give you thanks.

Exodus 20:25 " if you make a altar of stones for me, do not build it in pieces, for if you put your scroll on them, it is defiled.

Exodus 20:26 you must not ascend on trains on my altar, so that your nakende may not be revealed on it. ' "

Exodus 21:1 " now these are the commandments you will put before them :

Exodus 21:2 " if you crees a hebrew slave, he will serve for sex years, but in the seventh he must go free without nothing.

Exodus 21:3 if he has come only, he must go only. if he is a wife, his wife must go with him.

Exodus 21:4 if his master has given him a wife and she has given him sons or daughters, the woman and his children will be his master, but he must go alone.

Exodus 21:5 but if the slave says, ' i love my lord, my wife, my children, and my children, i will not go free, '

Exodus 21:6 then his lord will bring him before god ' s judgment, then will bring him before the door or the door, and share his oor with a stone, and he will serve him for ever.

Exodus 21:7 " if someone gives his own daughter to be slave, she must not go away as the slaves trees.

Exodus 21:8 if she does not please her master, he must release her and release her. it is not lord to commit for a new nation because she has rebelled against her.

Exodus 21:9 but if he confesses her son, he should accomplish her according to the right of the daughters.

Exodus 21:10 if he takes another another, he should not reject the food of her clothing, his clothing, her clothing,

Exodus 21:11 if she does not do these three things to her, she must go out without food without silver.

Exodus 21:12 if someone slår someone to death, he must be put to death.

Exodus 21:13 but if he was not rejected, but god gave him in his hand, i will give you a place where he will flee.

Exodus 21:14 but if someone insults his neighbor to kill him with deceit, you take him away from my altar to be killed.

Exodus 21:15 the one who slums his father or mother must be put to death.

Exodus 21:16 " if someone calls someone and causes him or finds him in his hand, he must be put to death.

Exodus 21:17 " if anyone insults his father or mother must be put to death.

Exodus 21:18 " if men think and one struck his neighbor with a stone or with a gathering, and he does not have put to death, but sat down on the bed,

Exodus 21:19 if he sees, you must walk outside on a staff, the one who has killed will be innocent. he must repay his heality and repay his heality.

Exodus 21:20 " if someone struck his slave or his slave slavin with a scepter and he dies under his hand, he must be rejected.

Exodus 21:21 but if he passes a day or two days, he must not be rejected, for it is his money.

Exodus 21:22 if men difficuls and swallow a woman who is pregnant, and her child comes out, but does not be abandoned, he must be destroyed by what the husband ' s husband bears.

Exodus 21:23 but if it is abandoned, then give life for life.

Exodus 21:24 eye for eye, tand for tand, hand for hand, fot for foot,

Exodus 21:25 brust for branding, buck for boot, moll for strick.

Exodus 21:26 " if someone struck his slave or his slave slave, he must send him out for the sake of his eye.

Exodus 21:27 if he cut the teeth of his slaves or his slave slavin, he must send him out for the sake of their tand.

Exodus 21:28 " if a beast corns a man or woman and he dies to death, the beast will be stone with stones, and his flesh must not eat, but the owner of the oxe must be innocent.

Exodus 21:29 but if the beast had been bearing, and his master has been testifying and he has not destroyed him, but has killed a man or a woman, the beast will be stone and his master will be taken to death.

Exodus 21:30 but if someone has been released for him, he will give exclution for his life, whatever he put before him.

Exodus 21:31 if he preaches a son or a daughter, they should make it according to this righteous reason.

Exodus 21:32 if the beast corns a slave or a slave woman must give their master for thirty silver coins, and the beast will be stone.

Exodus 21:33 if anyone causes a grow or takes a grow and does not cow it, and a bear or a bound fell there,

Exodus 21:34 then the child of the tomb will betray. he will give their owner silver coins, but the body will be his.

Exodus 21:35 " if someone of someone takes a beast of the beast of his neighbor and he dies, they will repay the living beast and provide the money of the beast.

Exodus 21:36 but if is known that the beast had been proclaimed that the beast had been divided and his owner has not rejected it, he should betray a oxe for beast, but the dead will be his.

Exodus 22:1 if anyone seals a bear or sheep and will kill or give it, he will betray five bees for the beast and four sheep for the sheep.

Exodus 22:2 if the thief is found in the break, and if he sees and mors, there is no mordery for him.

Exodus 22:3 " if the sun comes over him, he is completed. if he does not have it, he should have sin. if he does not have it, let him be sold for the steal.

Exodus 22:4 if the food, the eselin, or the sheep, or the sheep or the sheep will be found living in his hand, he will repay them dubble.

Exodus 22:5 if anyone bees a field or a vineyard and divorces his beast to bear the bear of another, he should repay the best of his fellow country and what is best of his vineyard.

Exodus 22:6 " if a fire comes out and finds thorns and causes korn or staff or field, the one who has destroyed the fire will repay it.

Exodus 22:7 if anyone give to his neighbor silver or vaise to guard, he will be weeping from the house of the man. if the thief finds it, he will betray the two times.

Exodus 22:8 if the dieve does not find it, the owner of the house will come before god and swear that he has not put his neighbor on his neighbor.

Exodus 22:9 in every message of unrighteousness, the bear, the sheep, the cloak, the cloak, the clothing, and every sort of destruction that says, ' if what then is, the judgment will come before god. the one who comes by god should betray the two times to his neighbor.

Exodus 22:10 if anyone give to his neighbor a ox, a bew, a sheep, a sheep, or any beast, and he dies or is divided or caught, so that no one knows it,

Exodus 22:11 there must be a vision of the lord among the two, since he did not have put his own neighbor in the hand of his neighbor, and his master should accept it, and he should not repay it.

Exodus 22:12 if it is wearing from him, he should betray his master.

Exodus 22:13 what is divided, if it is divided, he will bring him to the bear, but he should not betray it.

Exodus 22:14 if someone asked for his neighbor, but if he threws or dies or his owner is not with him, he should repay it.

Exodus 22:15 if his owner is with him, he should not betray. if it is a reward, he should be reward for his pay.

Exodus 22:16 if someone deceives a virgin who is not feed and lives with her, she should bring her and bring her to her a wife.

Exodus 22:17 if her father does not want to give her her wife, he should repay the father according to the gift of the virgins.

Exodus 22:18 " you must not leave them with divisions of magiracles.

Exodus 22:19 for every one who lives with a beast must be put to death.

Exodus 22:20 the one who sacrifices to sinners, except to the lord, will be taken away.

Exodus 22:21 you must not destroy the intrance or the extrancy, for you were foreigners in egypt.

Exodus 22:22 in this way you must not destroy all widow and orfing.

Exodus 22:23 if you put them to wrong, and if they cries to me, i will listen to their voice

Exodus 22:24 in suffering, my anger will wrath, and i will kill you with the sword, so that your women will be wedues, and your children will be orfless.

Exodus 22:25 " if you lead a food to the fathered man who is with you, you should not be contempt against him. do not put a root on him.

Exodus 22:26 if you think the clothing of your neighbor, you will repay him before the sun comes.

Exodus 22:27 it is different clothing, for this is his only clothing. this is the clothing of his clothes. by what will he remain ? if he calls to me, i will listen, for i am mercy.

Exodus 22:28 you must not slander different gods, and you must not slander the ruling officer of your people.

Exodus 22:29 you must not give the firstborn of your child of the dresser and of your winepress. you will give me the firstborn of your sons.

Exodus 22:30 this must be done with your bear and your sheep. seven days he must be with his mother, and on the eighth day you will repay it to me.

Exodus 22:31 you will be in the district of the region, and you will be holy men for me. you must not eat food that is killed. throw it out to hunds.

Exodus 23:1 " do not make a false message and do not remove with the ungodly, to become a false witness.

Exodus 23:2 you must not remain with many things to evil, and do not follow a large group to leave with many people to destroy justice.

Exodus 23:3 do not take mercy on the poor in judgment.

Exodus 23:4 if you find your enemy ' s bear or his eselin deceived, repay him back to him.

Exodus 23:5 if you see the eselin of your enemy falling under his homer, you must not pass away to it, but consider it with him.

Exodus 23:6 do not permit the judgment of the poor in his judgment.

Exodus 23:7 go away from every unrighteous message. do not kill the innocent and righteous, for i will not justify the ungodly.

Exodus 23:8 do not receive gift, for the gift is blind to see and destroy the words of righteous.

Exodus 23:9 do not destroy a fremder, for you know the life of the fremder, because you were foreigners in egypt.

Exodus 23:10 " sex years you will seed your land and gather its produce.

Exodus 23:11 but on the seventh you will give it forgiveness, so that the poor of your nation may eat, and the wild birds eat the rest of the wild birds. so you should do with your vineyard and your olives.

Exodus 23:12 six days you should make your works, but on the seventh day you should require, so that your okse and your gief may find down, and the son of your slaves and the extrancy may be encouraged.

Exodus 23:13 you must obey everything i have told you. you will not remember the name of others dieux or be heard from your mouth.

Exodus 23:14 three times in the year celebrate me feast.

Exodus 23:15 " observe the feast of unleavened bread. seven days you may eat unleavened bread, just as i have commanded you, at the time of the month abib, because in it you went out of egypt. no one should appear before me unfearly.

Exodus 23:16 you will celebrate the feast of the harvest, the first food of your work that you sow on the field, and the feast of the feast on the side of the year when you gather your work from the field.

Exodus 23:17 three times in the year all your manners will appear before the lord your god.

Exodus 23:18 " you must not offer the blood of my sacrifice with yeast with saudement, and the seed of my feast must not be lived until the morning.

Exodus 23:19 you will bring the first offering of the first produce of your land into the house of the lord your god. do not kound a bock in the milk of his mother. "

Exodus 23:20 look, i am sending a angel before you to beware you on the way and bring you into the land i have prepared for you.

Exodus 23:21 get attention to him and listen to him, and do not reject him, for he will not forgive you, because my name is in him.

Exodus 23:22 if you obey my voice and obey everything i command you, and obey my covenant, you will be my possession from all the nations, for all the earth will be my possession. "

Exodus 23:23 for my angel will go before you and will bring you before the amorians, the hetians, the perizzians, the cananeans, the chiveans, and the jebusus, and i will destroy them.

Exodus 23:24 do not worship their dieux or serve them, do not do what they are done but destroy them and threw off their statues.

Exodus 23:25 you will serve the lord your god, and he will praise your bread and your water, and i will remove sickness from among you.

Exodus 23:26 there will not be suffering or barren in your land. i will filled the number of your days.

Exodus 23:27 i will send the fear before you and make all the nations to whom you come, and i will put all your enemies away for you.

Exodus 23:28 i will send flocks before you and will drive the hevies, the cananeans, and the hetians from your presence.

Exodus 23:29 i will not throw them out of them in one year, so that the earth may not be deserted and the wild birds may increase against you.

Exodus 23:30 i will drive them out for you for a little while you will be grow and inherit the earth.

Exodus 23:31 i will put your regions from the red sea to the sea of the filistians, from the wilderness to the river, because i will give the inhabitants of the earth into your hand, and you will drive them out of your presence.

Exodus 23:32 do not make a covenant with them or with their sinders.

Exodus 23:33 they must not live in your land, so that they will not commit you to sin against me. if you serve their gods, they will be a snare for you. "

Exodus 24:1 then he said to moses : " get up to the lord, you and aaron, nadab and abihu, and seventy-two of the elders of israel, and worship far off.

Exodus 24:2 moses must come alone to the lord, but they should not come, and the people must not ascend with him. "

Exodus 24:3 so moses went and reported to the people all the words of the lord and all the commandments. then all the people replied with one voice, " we will do all the words that the lord has spoken. "

Exodus 24:4 then moses wrote all the words of the lord. on the morning he got up and bought a altar along the mountain, and twelve stones according to the twelve tribes of israel.

Exodus 24:5 so he sent the jeunes men of the israelites, and they offered branner-brances and sacrificed paces of pacifies to the lord.

Exodus 24:6 then moses took the half of the blood and poured it into pigs, and the half of the blood he poured out on the altar.

Exodus 24:7 then he took the scroll of the covenant and leaded it to the people. they said, " we will do everything the lord has spoken. "

Exodus 24:8 then moses took the blood and sprenged it on the people, saying, " look, this is the blood of the covenant that the lord made with you about all these words. "

Exodus 24:9 then moses and aaron, nadab and abihu and seventy-two of the elders of israel went up.

Exodus 24:10 then they saw the god of israel. under his feet were like a call of safir, like the sky of the sky.

Exodus 24:11 but he did not remove the eleaders of the people of israel, but they saw god, and they ate and drinking.

Exodus 24:12 then the lord said to moses, " come up to me on the mountain and stay there. i will give you stones of stone, the law, and the commandments i have written to instruction for them. "

Exodus 24:13 so moses and his servant joshua stood up and went up the mountain of god.

Exodus 24:14 then he said to the elders, " stay here until we return to you. now aaron and hur is with you. if anyone has any judgment, they must go before them. "

Exodus 24:15 now when moses went up the mountain, the cloud reveled the mountain.

Exodus 24:16 then the glory of the lord came on the mountain of sinai, and the cloud reveled it for six days. on the seventh day he called moses from the cloud.

Exodus 24:17 the appearance of the glory of the lord was like a flaming fire on the top of the mountain in the presence of the people of israel.

Exodus 24:18 so moses went into the middle of the cloud and went up the mountain. he stayed on the mountain for firty days and firty nights.

Exodus 25:1 then the lord said to moses,

Exodus 25:2 " tell the people of israel to bring a offering to me. from every person his heart will receive a offering for me.

Exodus 25:3 this is the offering you receive from them : gold, silver, bronze,

Exodus 25:4 bull clothing, purple, scarlet clothing, fine linen, sheep,

Exodus 25:5 wearing flock of flowns, taken wells, akasiahow,

Exodus 25:7 onyx and stones for slander for the efod and the living clothing.

Exodus 25:8 make a sanctuary for me, so that i may appear among you.

Exodus 25:9 you will make all what i will show you, the example of the tabernacle and the example of all its reason.

Exodus 25:10 " he will make a ark of akacia, two whoth and half lock, and a halth and a half lock, and his high high will be a halv and half lock.

Exodus 25:11 you will overhead it with pure gold, outside and outside, and make a golden pieces around it around it.

Exodus 25:12 and make four golden ringe and put them on the four ects of the fire, two ringes on each side and two ringes on the other side.

Exodus 25:13 he must make stangen of akacia ligh and overlow them with gold.

Exodus 25:14 bring the stangen into the ringes on the side of the ark to carry the ark with them.

Exodus 25:15 the stangen must be in the ringes of the ark without infined.

Exodus 25:16 to the ark you will put the testimony that i will give you.

Exodus 25:17 " make a depeader from purce gold, two and a half lock long, and his breadth will be a halv and half.

Exodus 25:18 you also will make two cherubs of gold. you will put them on the two extremens of the constitution.

Exodus 25:19 " you will make one cherub on the other side and one cherub on the other side. you make the cherubs on the two places of the ark.

Exodus 25:20 the cherubs must extend their vinger from above. they clow their vinger on the depeader, and their faces will turn to one another, the wells of the cherubs will be on the deckle.

Exodus 25:21 you will put the curtain on the ark from another side, and in the ark you will put the testimony that i will give you.

Exodus 25:22 there i will be known to you there, and i will speak with you from the ark from the two cherubs on the ark of the testimony, with everything i command you for the israelites.

Exodus 25:23 " you will make a table from akacia, two whoth long, a halv lock, and a halv and a half lock.

Exodus 25:24 and make the golden cloaks around her and make the rocks around her with gold.

Exodus 25:25 you also will make a old crowth along around it, and make a clock around the crowledge alreded.

Exodus 25:26 then do four golden ringes and put the ringe on the four sick of her feet.

Exodus 25:27 the ringes will be under the clothing, so that the ringes will be for the stones so that they may find the table.

Exodus 25:28 they will make the stangen from akacia, and overcow them with gold, so that the table will be taken up.

Exodus 25:29 make its places, the scothes, the pains, and the chalen with which you will be offered. you will make them from pure gold.

Exodus 25:30 you will always put the offering bread on the table before me always.

Exodus 25:31 " you also will make a lampstand of pure gold. the lampstand of the lampstand, its knowledge, its knocks, knowledges, and knocks will be made from it.

Exodus 25:32 from the side of the lampstand may have three arms from one side and three branches to the lampstand on the other side.

Exodus 25:33 there must be three flowns clothed with arms and knowledge. these will be to the sex arms that go out of the lampstand.

Exodus 25:34 at the lampstand, at the lampstand, may be four stars with knowledges, with knowledges and flocks.

Exodus 25:35 there must be under the two arms under the two arms and a armer under the under of the four arms. this is to the sex arms that go out of the lampstand.

Exodus 25:36 the cloaks and the arms must be from it. every destroyed must be from it.

Exodus 25:37 make seven lampes for it and put the lampstands to it, so that they will appear on the other side.

Exodus 25:38 it must be made from pure gold, and its pains and its backs must be made from purt gold.

Exodus 25:39 all these powers must be a talent of gold.

Exodus 25:40 see that you should do according to the example that was given to you on the mountain. "

Exodus 26:1 " the tabernacle worship with ten cornements made from fine linen, violple, purple, and scarlet clothing, with cherubs.

Exodus 26:2 the longity of each table will be twenty and eight whative, and the breadth of each table will be four. all the tacks will be the same measure.

Exodus 26:3 five tacks must be assembled the one with the other, and five tags will be assembled one with another.

Exodus 26:4 you must make wells of violet violate on the bread of the one table, to the second side. so do you make on the bread of the within table to the second table.

Exodus 26:5 " you will make fifty in the one cortina, and fifty stricks will you make on the side of the second cortily, so that each of them should stand each on another.

Exodus 26:6 you also will make fifty gours of gold and call the tacks to one with the other, so that the tabernacle will be one.

Exodus 26:7 you also will make a telt of hair for the tabernacle. elf cords you will make.

Exodus 26:8 the longity of each table will be thirty whations and a breet of four years. the eleven tables will have the same measure.

Exodus 26:9 you will put the five tacks together and sex tacks together, and make the sixth cort to the other side of the tabernacle.

Exodus 26:10 and do at the ross of the one table may you make fifty stricks at the bread of the one table, and fifty cripels on the rand of the second table of the second table.

Exodus 26:11 you also will make fifty shaken with fifty of bronze and put the coins in the wells, so that the tacks will be one.

Exodus 26:12 the rest of the overside of the tabernacle, the help of the rest of the tabernacle, will reveat the rest of the tabernacle outside the tabernacle.

Exodus 26:13 a whoth from each side and a sick from each side from the large side of the tabernacle will be taken on the table of the tabernacle from each side and from the other side, so that it may bear it.

Exodus 26:14 " so you will make a depeat for the tabernacle with wearing four of four flowns, and a depeat of tabbew wells outside.

Exodus 26:15 " do also make the tables for the tabernacle from akasia.

Exodus 26:16 the breet of the one colonne will have one year, and the larghement of the one colonne will be a half and two.

Exodus 26:17 each of the other tacks must be divided with one another. so you must make all the tacks of the tabernacle.

Exodus 26:18 you also will make twends for the tabernacle, twenty pils from the nord side of the nord side.

Exodus 26:19 " and you will make five silver tacks for the twenty colons, two bases under each side for his two sands.

Exodus 26:20 to the second side, the negev side, will have twenty piles,

Exodus 26:21 and to them will have five silver feet, two bases under each side and two baskets on one table for his two sands.

Exodus 26:22 at the west side of the tabernacle, the west side, you will make sex pils.

Exodus 26:23 to the women of the tabernacle, on the other side, may you make two pils.

Exodus 26:24 they will be in one way alone and to one side. so they will be done with the two, to the two hjuls.

Exodus 26:25 then there will be eight colonne with their fours of silver, four bases under each side and two bases among the other table.

Exodus 26:26 you also will make powers from akacia, five for the plants of the one side of the tabernacle,

Exodus 26:27 and five traves for the brings of the second side of the tabernacle, and five traves for the brings of the outside side of the tabernacle, on the west side.

Exodus 26:28 the middle in the middle should be divided from the one side to the other.

Exodus 26:29 you also will overhead the colonne with gold, and do you make the ringes with gold in which you will bring, and overoble the rives with gold.

Exodus 26:30 then you will reveal the tabernacle according to the appearance that was given to you on the mountain.

Exodus 26:31 " make a curtain from bull clothing, purple, karmoishin, and fine linen, and worship with cherubs.

Exodus 26:32 and you will put it on four coliers of akacia, dressed with gold, and their hacks will be of gold, and you will make four bases of silver.

Exodus 26:33 you will put the curtain on the colonne and bring the ark of the testimony in the inside of the curtain, and the curtain will be revealed to you from the holy and the holy place.

Exodus 26:34 then you will put the curtain of the testimony in the holy place.

Exodus 26:35 you make the table outside the curtain and the lampstand before the table, on the suuth of the tabernacle, and make the table on the norderside side of the tabernacle.

Exodus 26:36 " worship from bull clothing, purple, karmoishin, and fine linen, worshiped.

Exodus 26:37 and do on the curtain, five colonne, and overcow them with gold. their hacks will be of gold and make five baskets of bronze.

Exodus 27:1 " he will make a altar of akasia tree, a length of five years and a bread of five covados. the altar will be firported, and the high altar will be three codos.

Exodus 27:2 you must make the horns on the four hörners. the horns will be from him, and you will cobre it with bronze.

Exodus 27:3 do also the crowls for the altar, the flocks, the flocks, the flocks, the flashes of the fever, and all his unbears you will make with bronze.

Exodus 27:4 you must make a scroll of fletter of shaper, and you will make four bronzeringe on the four ects of it.

Exodus 27:5 then you will put them under the roof of the altar along, so that the letter will be until the half of the altar.

Exodus 27:6 you must make tacks from akacia to the altar and overcow them with bronze.

Exodus 27:7 the bate will be put into the ringes, so that the stangen may be on the side of the altar when it finds it.

Exodus 27:8 you must make it a fronk. according to what i have been given to you on the mountain, will you make it.

Exodus 27:9 " make the courts of the tabernacle. on the negev side will make the parts of the courtyard made from fine fino torcido, about a large side of hundred whations.

Exodus 27:10 their twenty colons and their twenty bases will be of bronze ; the piller and the socks will be of silver.

Exodus 27:11 in the same way, on the norderside side, will be a portice of hundred whations longer, and to them will be two piller with their twenty-two soads of bronze. the piller of the coliers and their sound are with silver.

Exodus 27:12 and on the bread of the courtyard from the west side will be about fifty whothing, and to them will be ten colonne with ten socks.

Exodus 27:13 and the bread of the courtyard from the negev side will be about fifty whothing, and to them will be ten colonne with ten socks.

Exodus 27:14 at the other side of the one side must be fifty whoth, with three piller and three socks.

Exodus 27:15 and on the other side will be four and fighty whoth with three piller and three socks.

Exodus 27:16 and to the door of the courtyard will be a cort made of thirty whations, made from bull clothing, purple, karmoishin, and fine fino torcido with fire piller and four baskets.

Exodus 27:17 all the colonne of the courtyard around the courtyard must be revealed with silver, their haigs will be of silver, and their socks will be of bronze.

Exodus 27:18 the length of the courtyard will be hundred whether and a large of femty whether. the high household will be from fine fino torcido and their socks will be made of bronze.

Exodus 27:19 all the possessions of the courts, all the creatures of the courts and all the bases of the courtyard will be in bronze.

Exodus 27:20 " and you will order the israelites to bring you clean olives from pure olives for the light, so that the lamp may be revealed always.

Exodus 27:21 in the tent of testimony, outside the curtain that is on the temple of the testimony, aaron and his sons will brenne it from the eaving to the next day before the lord. this is a eternal instance for the people of israel from generations to generations. "

Exodus 28:1 " then bring your brother aaron and his sons to you from among the israelites, so that they are my priesthood. aaron and the sons of aaron, nadab, abihu, eleazar, and ithamar, the sons of aaron.

Exodus 28:2 you must make holy clothing to your brother aaron, for honor and glory.

Exodus 28:3 tell all the wise mind whom i have filled with the spirit of knowledge, and they may make the clothing to aaron so that he may be sanctified and become my priesthood.

Exodus 28:4 these are the long robes that they will make : a chip, the efod, the clothing, the cloak of clothing, a croll, and a belt. they will make holy clothing to your brother aaron and his sons, so that they may be priests to serve me.

Exodus 28:5 they will receive gold, purple, purple, scarlet clothing, and fine linen.

Exodus 28:6 they must make the efod from fight violent clothing, which is dressed with broing clothing.

Exodus 28:7 he may have two effections toward the two hocks on the two hocks.

Exodus 28:8 the efod ' s efoard that is on it will be made with the work of the work, made from gold, bullaw, purple, and scarlet clothing, and fine flesh.

Exodus 28:9 you will take two onyx of onyx and bow them the name of the sons of israel.

Exodus 28:10 six of his name, on one stone, and the six name of the other name on the second stone according to their generations.

Exodus 28:11 you must think the two stones to the name of the sons of israel in the ground of the seal of the seal.

Exodus 28:12 you will put the two stones on the raments of the efoda with stones of memory for the sons of israel. so aaron will take up their name on his two schulders in the presence of the lord, as a memorial on them.

Exodus 28:13 do also make fletters from pure gold,

Exodus 28:14 and two kets from purt gold to make them. do you put the fletters on the fletters on the fletters.

Exodus 28:15 " make the bort of judgment. worthy works, like the work of the efod. make it with gold, bull, purple, karmoishin, and fine linen, and word made.

Exodus 28:16 it must be tettle. it must be two chousand in length and a palmer bread.

Exodus 28:17 you must put in it in four rads. in the first ried will be karneol, topaz, and smaragd ;

Exodus 28:18 the second raden, a rubin, a safir, and a diamant,

Exodus 28:19 the third riviin hyacint, agat, and amethyst,

Exodus 28:20 the fourth raden must be a chrysolit, a onyx, and a onyx. they must be dressed in their places with gold.

Exodus 28:21 the stones must be two as the name of the sons of israel according to their names. they must be scattered with seal, each one according to the two tribes.

Exodus 28:22 you may make pieces made of pure gold for the effect.

Exodus 28:23 you will put the flocks on the two flasses of the efoda and put the two flasses on the two outside of the efoda.

Exodus 28:29 so aaron will take the names of the sons of israel on his heart when he go into the sanctuary as a memorial before god.

Exodus 28:30 you will put on the brystduel of judgment seat urim and tummim, so that they will be on aaron ' s heart when he comes into the presence of the lord. so aaron must put the judgments of the sons of israel on his heart before the lord always.

Exodus 28:31 " make the clothes of the linen clothing together of the purple clothing.

Exodus 28:32 the clothing will be in the middle in the middle. it will be a clock around it, so that it may not be thrown.

Exodus 28:33 on the ross of his mantely make granathears from bull clothing, purple, scarlet clothing, ronging around the ross around them.

Exodus 28:34 an golden granathed and a granathed granathes and a granathed granathed, and a granathed granathed.

Exodus 28:35 and it must be to aaron when he serves. let his voice hear when he comes into the holy place before the lord and comes out, so that he will not die. "

Exodus 28:36 you also will make a purtain of clean gold and protect it with a seal of seal : " holy is the lord. "

Exodus 28:37 you will put it in a purple robe, and it will be on the turban ; it will be before the mitre.

Exodus 28:38 it will be on aaron ' s forehead, so that aaron will take up the sins of the saints that the israelites sanctified for all their holy offerings. it will be always on his forehead, so that they will be welcomed before the lord.

Exodus 28:39 " make a käärell made of fine linen and make a croll in fine linen, and make a belt made of broken clothing.

Exodus 28:40 " to the sons of aaron you will make clothing, and make clothing to them for honor and glory.

Exodus 28:41 you will wrapped them to your brother aaron and his sons, and anoine them, and make their hands on them and sanctifike them so that they may be priests to serve me.

Exodus 28:42 you must make a clothing of linen clothing to reveal their nakence. they will be from the lender to the part.

Exodus 28:43 whenever aaron and his sons have come into the tent of testimony or approaching the altar to serve on the sanctuary, so they will not bring sin against them and do not be put to death. this is a eternal instance for him and for his descendants after him. "

Exodus 29:1 " now this is what you should do for them to make them holy as priests to serve me : take one beast and two bodies without fear,

Exodus 29:2 and unleavened bread, unleavened bread, clossed, unleavened bread, smessed with olive oil ; you will make them a fish of fever.

Exodus 29:3 then you will put them in one korb and bring them in the korb with the beast and the two boats.

Exodus 29:4 then bring aaron and his sons to the door of the tent of testimony and wash them in water.

Exodus 29:5 then take the clothing, and put aaron around the clothing, the living clothing, the efod, the brystduer, and call on him the efoda with the efod.

Exodus 29:6 then you will put the croll on his head and put the holy rock on the mitra.

Exodus 29:7 then take the anoint olive oil and giew it on his head and anoine him.

Exodus 29:8 then bring his sons along and put them on the clothing.

Exodus 29:9 and put aaron and his sons to live with lives, aaron and his sons, and put the rows on them, so that the priesthood will be their priesthood eternal. so perfect aaron and his sons.

Exodus 29:10 then bring the beast to the door of the tent of samekness, and aaron and his sons must put their hands on the head of the beast.

Exodus 29:11 then you will slaughter the beast before the lord, before the tent of testimony.

Exodus 29:12 then take some of the blood of the beast and put it with your finger on the horns of the altar, and turn the rest of the blood on the foot of the altar.

Exodus 29:13 then take all the seed that is on the intestings, the lapin on the fower, the two nights with their crès, and take it on the altar.

Exodus 29:14 but the flesh of the beast, his flesh and his labor you will burn out with fire outside the camp. it is a single offering.

Exodus 29:15 then take the one of the flock, and aaron and his sons must put their hands on the head of the beast.

Exodus 29:16 you will kill it, take his blood and strow it on the altar alreded.

Exodus 29:17 " then you will threw the ram in members, wash his intestings and his feet and put it on the tacks and on his head.

Exodus 29:18 then you will brenne the whole flock on the altar. it is a brance to the lord as a lifful wood, a sacrifice to the lord.

Exodus 29:19 then take the second ram, and aaron and his sons should put their hands on the head of the beast.

Exodus 29:20 then you will kill it, take from his blood, stryke it on the right tears of aaron ' s right hears, on the right hears of his sons and on the duinger of their right hand, and threw the blood ' s blood

Exodus 29:21 then take some of the blood that is on the altar and of the oil of the unciliation, and strow on aaron and on his clothes, on his sons and on his clothing. so he will be sanctified, he and his clothes, his sons, and the clothing of his sons.

Exodus 29:22 then take from the ram the flesh, the crès, the crès that covers the intestings, the lapk on the fower, the two nights with their crès and the right keule, for it is a perfection of perfection.

Exodus 29:23 and one bread from the korb of the unleavened bread that is before the lord.

Exodus 29:24 all these things you will put in the hands of aaron and on the hands of his sons, and bring them in the presence of the lord.

Exodus 29:25 then take them out of their hands and brenne it on the altar of the brandoption, in a lifting wood in the presence of the lord. it is a offering for the lord.

Exodus 29:26 then take the beast of the weast of consacution that is of aaron, and lead it as offering in the presence of the lord, and it will be your part.

Exodus 29:27 then you will sanctifike the bringan of the offering offering and the book of the offering offering, which is revealed and offered from the incense of the consacction from aaron and his sons.

Exodus 29:28 these offerings will be for aaron and his sons as a eternal instance from the people of israel, for it is a offering offering. this will be a offering offering from the people of israel from the sacrifices of salvation for the people of israel.

Exodus 29:29 the holy clothing of aaron will be for his sons after him, so that they will be anointed in them and perfect.

Exodus 29:30 for seven days the priest of his sons who will be in his place will put on them, as he can enter the tent of testimony to serve in the sanctuary.

Exodus 29:31 then take the carge of consagración and keep his flesh in a holy place.

Exodus 29:32 then aaron and his sons will eat the flesh of the bock and the bread that is in the korb by the door of the tent of testimony.

Exodus 29:33 they will eat the sacrifices that they have been sanctified by their hearts and sanctified them, but no one should eat from it, for they are holy.

Exodus 29:34 if there is rest of the flesh of consacction or of the bread until the morning, you will burn the rest of it with fire. it must not eat, for it is holy.

Exodus 29:35 " and you must make this way to aaron and his sons, just as i have commanded you. seven days you will perfect them.

Exodus 29:36 every day you will offer a beast for sin for a purification. you will clean the altar when you sanctified it, and anoine it so to make it holy.

Exodus 29:37 " seven days you will clean the altar and sanctifike it, so that the altar will be already holy, and every person who touches the altar will be holy.

Exodus 29:38 this is what you should offery on the altar : two fellow lamps in one day.

Exodus 29:39 the one lamb you will offer in the morning, and the second lamb you will offer on the next day.

Exodus 29:40 to each lamb there will be a four of a efa fint flour clothing with a fourth hin of olive oil sexed with a fourth hin of olive oil, conspersed with a fourth hin olje.

Exodus 29:41 the second lamb you will offere at the afternoon. it will be like the morning sacrifice and the drant of it. it is a lifful wood, a feuergift to the lord.

Exodus 29:42 this must be a daily sacrifice for generations for the door of the tent of testimony before the lord, where i will come to you to speak with you.

Exodus 29:43 there i will be revealed to the israelites, and there will be sanctified in my glory.

Exodus 29:44 i will sanctifie the tent of testimony and the altar. i will sanctifie aaron and his sons to be my priesthood.

Exodus 29:45 i will live among the israelites and be their god.

Exodus 29:46 they will know that i am the lord their god, who led them out of egypt to live among them. i am the lord their god ! "

Exodus 30:1 " he must make a altar for incense. you will make it from akacia.

Exodus 30:2 there will be a large longiture and a halver of bread, and the large will be two whative, and his horns will be from him.

Exodus 30:3 you will overhead it with pure gold, his belt, his wloaks around all side, and his horns. and make a golden crown around him.

Exodus 30:4 and make two goldene ringes under his crowledge, to the two places of the side, to the two plagues, and they will be the stangen for the plagues so that they may find it.

Exodus 30:5 you must make baskets from akacia, and overlow them with gold.

Exodus 30:6 and make it before the curtain that is on the ark of the testimony, before the curtain that is on the ark of the testimony, where i will come to you.

Exodus 30:7 aaron will build a aromatic incense on it. every morning, when he prepares the lampen, he will build it.

Exodus 30:8 and whenever aaron lampen the lampen in a sight, he will brenne incense on it. this is a continue incense before the lord in their generations.

Exodus 30:9 you must not offer on it another incense, or fruit or sacrifice, and do not offer blood on it.

Exodus 30:10 in the year aaron will make it expication on his horns in the year. with the blood of the expiaing sacrifice for the expiación will he make him cleansing for all their generations. it is a höghly holy.

Exodus 30:11 then the lord said to moses,

Exodus 30:12 " when you have received the number of the sons of israel in their number, each one will give the exclution for his life to the lord, so that there will not be a plage among them when they are recensed.

Exodus 30:13 all who are passing through the number will give the half sicel according to the sanctuary. a sicel will be twenty gera, a half sicel is a offering to the lord.

Exodus 30:14 everyone who will pass through the number from thirty years and ahead, will give the offering offering for the lord.

Exodus 30:15 the rich should not give anything, and the poor should not fear the half sicel when they offer the offering for the lord to make soning for your souls.

Exodus 30:16 you will take the proclaimed from the people of israel and give it for the service of the tent of testimony, so that they will be a memorial to the people of israel before the lord to make soning for your souls. "

Exodus 30:17 then the lord said to moses,

Exodus 30:18 " make a copp of shaper with his koper of bronze to wash, and make it among the tabernacle of testimony and the altar, and put water into it.

Exodus 30:19 aaron and his sons must wash his hands and feet in it.

Exodus 30:20 whenever they enter the tent of testimony, they should wash their water, so that they will not be dead. or whenever they approachs the altar to serve and offer the offering offering to the lord,

Exodus 30:21 they must wash their hands and feet, so that they will not be dead. this is a eternal ordle for them, for him and for his generations. "

Exodus 30:22 then the lord said to moses,

Exodus 30:23 " get gifts of aromatic things : five hundred silver coins, two hundred and fifty sick, the half of this, two hundred fifty, and two hundred fifty clothing

Exodus 30:24 four hundred siclos, for the sicl of the sanctuary, and a hin olives of olives.

Exodus 30:25 you also will make a holy oil with a holy aromatic oil. it will be a holy oil for a holy anount.

Exodus 30:26 with it you will anoine the tabernacle of testimony, the ark of the testimony,

Exodus 30:27 the lampstand with all its miracles, the lampstand with all its reason, the altar of incense,

Exodus 30:28 the altar of brance and all his uteneds, the wast and his food,

Exodus 30:29 you will sanctifike them, so that they will be höghly holy. every one who touches them will be holy.

Exodus 30:30 you also uncine aaron and his sons and sanctified them as a priest to serve me.

Exodus 30:31 " to the people of israel say, ' this will be a holy oil for you from generations in generations.

Exodus 30:32 it must not be messed by human flesh and do not be like this. he is holy, and it will be holy for you.

Exodus 30:33 whoever gives like this, and anyone who gives from it for a stranger will be taken out of his people. "

Exodus 30:34 then the lord said to moses, " take some aromatic aromatic aromatic aromatic gropas : stone, stone, clow, aromatic clothing, and pure incense.

Exodus 30:35 and make it a aromatic aromatic aromatic aromatic incense, much, clean, holy and holy.

Exodus 30:36 then you will cut a sew of it and put it before the testimony in the tent of testimony where i will come to you. it will be a höghly pleasure for you.

Exodus 30:37 you should not make incense according to this constitution. it will be a holy offering for the lord.

Exodus 30:38 whoever does a same person to bear it must be taken out of his people. "

Exodus 31:1 then the lord said to moses,

Exodus 31:2 " look, i have called besalel, son of uri, son of hur, from the tribe of judah,

Exodus 31:3 and i have filled him with the spirit of god, with wisdom, knowledge, and knowledge in every work,

Exodus 31:4 to serve the gold, the silver, the bronze, the purple, the purple, the scarlet clothing, and the clothing of fine linen.

Exodus 31:5 to stone stones, to calling the tree, to work in every work of work.

Exodus 31:6 and i have given him oholiab, the son of ahisamach, of the tribe of dan, and i have given knowledge to every wise heart, so that they may do everything i command you :

Exodus 31:7 the tabernacle of testimony, the ark of the testimony, the constitution that is on it, all the reason of the tabernacle,

Exodus 31:8 the table with its reason, the purp lampstand with all its reason, the altar of incense,

Exodus 31:9 the bash and his cloaks,

Exodus 31:10 the clothing of the clothing of aaron, the priesthood of aaron, and the clothing of his sons,

Exodus 31:11 the salvation and the incense aromatic incense for the sanctuary. they should do just as i have commanded you. "

Exodus 31:12 then the lord said to moses,

Exodus 31:13 " tell the people of israel, saying, ' look at my sabbath, for it is a sign among me and you in your generation, so that you may know that i am the lord who sanctifik you.

Exodus 31:14 hold to the sabbath, for it is holy for you. the one who profans it must be put to death. for whoever does a work in it must be taken out of his own people.

Exodus 31:15 for sex days there must be works, but on the seventh day is a sabbath of require, holy on the lord. everyone who does any work on the sabbath day must be put to death.

Exodus 31:16 so the israelites should obey the sabbath to celebrate the sabbath in their generations as a eternal covenant.

Exodus 31:17 it is a sign for me and the enfants of israel eternal sign. for in sex days the lord made heaven and earth, but on the seventh day he required and required. "

Exodus 31:18 when god had finished speaking to moses on the mountain of sinai, he gave the two table of the testimony, table tablets written with the finger of god.

Exodus 32:1 when the people saw that moses had seized to come down from the mountain, they assembled together against aaron and said to him, " get up and make us god who will go before us, for we don ' t know what has happened to him. "

Exodus 32:2 aaron said to them, " take the golden ringe off of your sons, your sons, and your daughters, and bring them to me. "

Exodus 32:3 then all the people departed the golden ringe of their ears and brought them to aaron.

Exodus 32:4 and he took it from them and broke it with a scroll and made it a little kalf. they said, " this is your god, israel, who led you out of the land of egypt ! "

Exodus 32:5 when aaron saw this, he bought a altar before him and began to proclaim, saying, " morning is a feast of the lord ! "

Exodus 32:6 the next day they got up and offered branner-brances and offered pacifies. then the people sat down to eat and drink, and they stood up to think.

Exodus 32:7 then the lord said to moses, " go down, for your people whom you have brought out of egypt has become transgressed.

Exodus 32:8 they have quicting away from the way i commanded them. they made a kalf and stood before him and offered offering for him. they said, ' this is your god, israel, who sailed you out of egypt ! "

Exodus 32:10 now let me come, and my wrath is enflamed against them and i will destroy them, and i will make you a great nation. "

Exodus 32:11 but moses prayed to the lord your god and said, " lord, why can your anger flamke out against your people whom you led out out of egypt with great power and with great power ?

Exodus 32:12 why may the egyptians say, ' by evil he led them out to kill them on the mountains and to destroy them from the earth ? remove from your wrath, and forgive the evil deed that you have done against your people !

Exodus 32:13 remember abraham, isaac, and jacob your slaves, who you spoke by yourself and spoke to them, ' i will multiplie your descendants like the stars on heaven, and i will give your descendants all this land about which i have spoken to give your descendants and they will possesn it forever. '

Exodus 32:14 so the lord complete the evil things he had commanded to make his people.

Exodus 32:15 then moses returned and went down from the mountain with the two table of the testimony in his hand. the table table were written from each side and the other.

Exodus 32:16 the table were god ' s work, and the scripture was the scripture of god, separed on the table.

Exodus 32:17 when jesus heard the voice of the people shouting, he said to moses, " there is a large voice in the camp ! "

Exodus 32:18 but he replied, " it is not the voice of rulers, the round of rulers, but i hear the voice of rulers. "

Exodus 32:19 now when moses approached the camp and saw the beast and the parts, moses was enraged and heat the table from his hands and broke them by the other side of the mountain.

Exodus 32:20 then he took the kalf they had made, destroyed it in fire, destroyed it in a stone, stoned it on the water and gave it to the children of israel.

Exodus 32:21 then moses said to aaron, " what did this people have done for you, since you have brought them great sin ? "

Exodus 32:22 aaron replied, " do not anger, lord, because you know the rebellion of this people.

Exodus 32:23 they said to me, ' make us gods who will go ahead of us, for we don ' t know what has happened to this moses, the man who led us out of the land of egypt. '

Exodus 32:24 then i said to them, " if anyone has gold, take it away ! " they gave it to me, and i threw it into the fire, and this bear went out.

Exodus 32:25 when moses saw that the people were abandoned, for aaron had destroyed them as a free for their enemies,

Exodus 32:26 so moses stood before the camp of the camp and said, " anyone who is from the lord must come to me ! " so all the people of levi went together to him.

Exodus 32:27 then he said to them, " so the lord, the god of israel, says, ' let each one put his sword on his heup, go through the camp from poort to port and kill each one his brother or friend and free. ' "

Exodus 32:28 the people of levi did what moses had said, and on that day some of the people fell about three thousand men.

Exodus 32:29 moses said, " you have now filled your hands to the lord, each one with your son or his brother, that you may give you this blessing ! "

Exodus 32:30 the next day moses said to the people, " you have committed great sin. now i will go up to the lord. vielless i may repaise your sins. "

Exodus 32:31 so moses returned to the lord and said, " ach, this people has committed a great sin and made a god of gold for themselves.

Exodus 32:32 now if you forgive them their sins, but if not, let me let me out of your book that you have written. "

Exodus 32:33 but the lord said to moses, " if anyone has sinned against me, i will destroy him from my book.

Exodus 32:34 now go down and bring this people to the place where i have told you. look, my angel will go ahead of you, but on the day i am visited, i will bring their sin over them. "

Exodus 32:35 so the lord struck the people because they had made the beast that aaron had made.

Exodus 33:1 then the lord said to moses, " go away from here, you and the people that you have brought out of egypt, to the land that i spoke to abraham, isaac, and jacob, saying, ' i will give it to your descendants.

Exodus 33:2 i will send a angel before you and will drive out the canaan, the amorean, the amoreans, the hetians, the perizzians, the hevies, and the jebuseans.

Exodus 33:3 to a land spring with milk and honey. for i will not ascend with you because you are a hard people, so that i may not destroy you on the road. "

Exodus 33:4 when the people heard this evil message, they were distressed, and no one greatly suffered.

Exodus 33:5 for the lord said to him, " tell the people of israel, " you are a hard people. if i may come another plage among you, i will destroy you. now take your clothing away, so i will see what i will do for you. "

Exodus 33:6 so the israelites left their world from the mountain of horeb from the mountain of horeb.

Exodus 33:7 then moses took the tabernacle and placed it out of the camp far from the camp and called him " the tent of testimony, " and everyone who looked for the lord went out to the tabernacle outside the camp.

Exodus 33:8 now when moses went into the tabernacle, all the people stood up, each one by the door of his tent, and followed moses until he entered the tent.

Exodus 33:9 as moses entered the tent, the clow of dark went down and stood before the door of the tent. so he spoke to moses.

Exodus 33:10 when all the people saw the wolt colom standing at the door of the tabernacle, they stood up and worshiped each one by the door of his tent.

Exodus 33:11 then the lord said faithfully to moses, as someone speak to his friend. then moses went back into the barracks. but joshua, the son of nun, a young man, did not go out of the tent.

Exodus 33:12 then moses said to the lord, " look, you say to me, ' bring this people up, ' but you have not revealed to me whom you send with me, but you said, ' i know you by the name, and you have received grace in my presence. '

Exodus 33:13 therefore if i have found grace in your eyes, reveal me yourself, so that i may know you, so that i may find grace in your eyes, and know that this nation is your people. "

Exodus 33:14 he said, " i will go ahead of you and give you rest. "

Exodus 33:15 he said to him, " if you does not go with you, do not leave us from here !

Exodus 33:16 for how can it be known that i have found grace in your eyes, i and your people ? is it not that when you go with us ? so we and your people will be glorified from all the nations on the earth ? "

Exodus 33:17 then the lord said to moses, " i will do this you say, because you have found grace before me, and i know you by his name. "

Exodus 33:18 he said, " show me your glory ! "

Exodus 33:19 he replied, " i will all my great glory pass near you, and i will call the name of the lord before you. i will show mercy on whom i wait, and will show mercy to whom i take mercy. "

Exodus 33:20 but he said, " you cannot see my face, for no one will see me and live. "

Exodus 33:21 then the lord said, " look, there is a place among me, stand on the rock.

Exodus 33:22 when my glory will pass away, i will put you into the roof of the rock, and i will reject you with my hand until i pass away.

Exodus 33:23 then i will take my hand, and you will see my follower, but my face will not be seen. "

Exodus 34:1 then the lord said to moses, " bow two stones of stone like the first, and i will write on the table the words that were on the first table that you break.

Exodus 34:2 be ready for the morning, and get up to the morning of sinai, and stand before me there on the top of the mountain.

Exodus 34:3 let no one get up with you, or let no one be seen on the whole mountain, and neither sheep or bews should be betrayed along that mountain. "

Exodus 34:4 so moses seized two stones of stone like the first, and the morning early moses got up the mountain of sinai, just as the lord had commanded him. he took the two stones of stone.

Exodus 34:5 then the lord descended in the cloud and stood there with him, and he called the name of the lord.

Exodus 34:6 so the lord went away before him and called : " lord, lord, god, mercy and mercy, patient and great in mercy and true,

Exodus 34:7 who bears mercy to tautions, forgiving lawlessness, unrighteousness, and sin, but does not reject the one who is innocent. he rejects the lawlessness of the ancestors to children and children, until the third and fourth generation. "

Exodus 34:8 then moses turned down to the ground and worshiped,

Exodus 34:9 he said, " if i have found grace in your eyes, let my lord go with us, for it is a hard people. forgive us our sins and our sins and take us to be your. "

Exodus 34:10 he replied, " look, i make a covenant. before your entire people i will do wonders that has never happened on all the earth or in every nation. all the people among whom you are will see the deeds of the lord, because they will be astonished that i am done for you.

Exodus 34:11 listen to what i command you : look, i will drive out the amoreens, the cananeans, the hetians, the perizzians, the hevies, and the jebusees.

Exodus 34:12 get your regard so that you may not make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land you enter, so that they may not become a snare among you.

Exodus 34:13 but you will destroy their altars, destroy their stones, destroy their ashers and burn up with fire the idols of their gods.

Exodus 34:14 " for you will not worship another god, for the lord god is named, " he is a jealous god.

Exodus 34:15 do not make a covenant with the inhabitants of the earth, because they will prostitut with their gods and offer sacrifice to their gods, and if they calls you, you eat from their sacrifices,

Exodus 34:16 you will take their daughters to your sons and your daughters, and your daughters commits sexual immorality after their guests, and showing your sons to prostitut with their gods.

Exodus 34:17 do not make a little bood for yourselves.

Exodus 34:18 " you will observe the feast of unleavened bread. seven days you may eat unleavened bread, just as i have commanded you. for in the month abib you went out of egypt.

Exodus 34:19 all the chill child to me, the firstborn of hors and the firstborn of sheep.

Exodus 34:20 you must release the firstborn of a eselin. if you does not release it, you should release every firstborn of your sons. let no one appear before me foolish.

Exodus 34:21 six days you will work, but on the seventh you will rest, the seed and the flesh you will rest.

Exodus 34:22 " you will celebrate the feast of the weak, the first of the reast of the weast, and the feast of the group at the beginning of the year.

Exodus 34:23 three times in the year all your manners will appear before the lord, the lord god of israel.

Exodus 34:24 for i will drive out nations before you and make your landemside out. no one will desire your land when you go up to appear before the lord your god three times in the year.

Exodus 34:25 you must not sacrifice the blood of my sacrifice with saudement, and the sacrifice of the passover feast must not leave until the morning.

Exodus 34:26 " you will bring the first fruit of your ground into the house of the lord your god. do not offer a bock in the milk of his mother. "

Exodus 34:27 then the lord said to moses, " write these words for you, for in these words i have made a covenant with you and with israel. "

Exodus 34:28 so moses was there with the lord for firty days and firty night, he ate no bread and drinking no water. then moses scrissed on the table the words of the covenant, the ten words.

Exodus 34:29 now when moses came down from the mountain with the two table of the testimony in the hand of moses as he went down from the mountain, he did not know that the body of his face was revealed because he spoke to him.

Exodus 34:30 when aaron and all the israelites saw moses, the seed of his face was healed, and they were afraid to approache him.

Exodus 34:31 but moses called them, and aaron and all the rulers of the group returned to him, but moses spoke to them.

Exodus 34:32 after this all the people of israel came up to him, and he commanded them everything the lord had spoken to him on the mountain sinai.

Exodus 34:33 when god had finished speaking to them, he put a veil on his face.

Exodus 34:34 now when moses went in before the lord to speak with him, he seized the veil until he went out. then he went out and spoke to the people of israel what he had commanded him.

Exodus 34:35 when the people saw the face of moses that he was revealed, moses put a veil on his face until he entered to speak with him.

Exodus 35:1 then moses gathered the whole israelitian group and said to them, " these are the words that the lord has commanded to do :

Exodus 35:2 for sex days there must be works, but on the seventh day is a holy day, a sabbath of require to the lord. everyone who does a work in it must be put to death.

Exodus 35:3 " you must not burn fire in all your looks on the sabbath day. "

Exodus 35:4 then moses said to the whole israelitity, " this is what the lord has commanded :

Exodus 35:5 receive from yourselves a offering to the lord. everyone who desires in their heart will bring the offering to the lord, gold, silver, bronze,

Exodus 35:6 worl clothing, purple, karmoishin, fine linen, sheep,

Exodus 35:7 wearing flock of flowns, taken wells, akasiahow,

Exodus 35:9 onyx and stones for slander for the efod and the living clothing.

Exodus 35:10 and everyone of you who is wise heart must come and work what the lord has commanded,

Exodus 35:11 the tabernacle of the tabernacle, his tent, his telt, his cloaks, his rives, his haves, his colons, his colonne, his colons,

Exodus 35:12 the ark of testimony, its stangen, the curtain and the curtain,

Exodus 35:13 the table with all his reason, the table and all its incenses,

Exodus 35:14 the lampstand for its lampstand, the lampstand of the lampstand, the lampstand of the lampstand,

Exodus 35:16 the altar and his incensoffer, the altar and all his incensoffers,

Exodus 35:17 the beasts of the courtyard, its stones, the onyce of the courtyard, the incense and the olive oil,

Exodus 35:19 the clothing to serve, the holy clothing to serve, the holy clothing of aaron the priest, and the clothing to the sons of aaron as a priesthood.

Exodus 35:20 then the whole group of the people of israel went out from moses.

Exodus 35:21 then each one of whom their heart had been brought, and each one of whom they were desired brought the offering offering to the lord for the service of the tent of testimony, for all its services, and for the holy clothing.

Exodus 35:22 then both men and women, all who were thought, brought signs, ringe, ringes, signs, and every golden object of gold, and all who brought a offering of gold to the lord.

Exodus 35:23 they found fish of fish clothing, a gathered four of flock, they brought them.

Exodus 35:24 everyone who offered a offering of silver or bronze brought the offering offered to the lord. and everyone who had akasia tree for all the work of the work, he brought it.

Exodus 35:25 all women who were wise in heart were brought with their hands and brought the dressed in purple, purple, scarlet clothing, and fine linen.

Exodus 35:26 and all the women whom they thought with wisdom beared the bocks of sheep.

Exodus 35:27 the rulers brought the onyx and the stones revealed for the efod and the brystdup,

Exodus 35:28 and the food and the olive oil and the olive oil and the olive oil and the incense for incense.

Exodus 35:29 and the israelites brought to the offering offering to the lord through moses, were brought to bring a offering for the lord for all the works that the lord had commanded them to do through moses.

Exodus 35:30 then moses said to the people, " look, the lord called besalel, the son of uri, the son of hur, from the tribe of judah,

Exodus 35:31 and filled him with the spirit of god, with wisdom, knowledge, and knowledge,

Exodus 35:32 to experience all the work of the governor ' s work, to make it in gold, silver, and bronze,

Exodus 35:33 to clear the stone, to arrest the trees, to make every work of wisdom.

Exodus 35:34 and he has given him to instruction for him, to him and to oholiab, son of ahisamac, from the tribe of dan.

Exodus 35:35 he has filled them with wisdom and knowledge, to experience all works of the work of the sanctuary, the purple, purple, purple, and fine linen, to make every work of various works.

Exodus 36:1 betalel and oholiab and all the wise mind whom the lord has given wisdom and knowledge to understand the work of all the work to the work of the sanctuary, according to everything the lord has commanded. "

Exodus 36:2 then moses called besalel and oholiab and all the wise people who had wisdom in their heart, all who wanted to go to the works to accomplish them.

Exodus 36:3 so they received from moses all the offerings that the sons of israel had brought for the service of the sanctuary to make it. but they were still offering the offering offering for every morning.

Exodus 36:4 then all the wise people who were practicing the work of the sanctuary came, each of the work they had done.

Exodus 36:5 and said to moses, " the people produces more greater than the work that the lord has commanded to do. "

Exodus 36:6 then moses commanded and proclaimed in the leading, " no man or woman should no longer provide the offering for the sanctuary. " so the people were going to offering again.

Exodus 36:7 for the work of their work was much for the work that they had prepared, and they left.

Exodus 36:8 they continued to experience the tabernacle and made on the tabernacle, ten places.

Exodus 36:9 the length of each table may be twenty-eight whative, and the larghement of each table were four whative. all the tables were together.

Exodus 36:34 he made the plants of the capitels and made the piles with gold. he obload the colices with gold, obobing the colices with gold. he made the baskines of the tabernacle and the stones of the tabernacle.

Exodus 36:35 they completed the curtain and made the curtain from bull clothing, purple, karmoishin, and fine linen, worshiped cherubs.

Exodus 36:36 they brought them in four collects of akacia colonne and overplacted them with gold. their haigs were of gold, and they made four bases of silver.

Exodus 36:37 they brought the curtain from bull clothing, rote clothing, purple, scarlet, and fine linen, works made with cherubs.

Exodus 36:38 he made two colonne with the five colonne. they overcoved their backs and their backs with gold. their five socks were of bronze.

Exodus 37:1 betalel made the ark of basalel,

Exodus 37:2 he overcoed it with pure gold, outside and outside.

Exodus 37:3 he made two golden ringe on the other side and two ringe on each side and two ringe on each side of it.

Exodus 37:5 it was toward the takes of the ark to find the ark.

Exodus 37:6 he made the constitution from gold. he made the constitution from gold.

Exodus 37:7 you will make the two cherubs with gold.

Exodus 37:8 one cherub on one side and one cherub on the other side.

Exodus 37:9 they experience the constitution with their vinger to the constitution.

Exodus 37:10 he made clothes and made the table from pure gold.

Exodus 37:13 he put on the four side of the clothing, and put the ringe on the four side and two ringe on the other side.

Exodus 37:15 he made them clothes and overloved them with gold. he made the table and overcoved them with gold.

Exodus 37:16 he made the powers that happened to the table. he made the powers of the table, the baskets, the baskets, and its backs, with which it will spend.

Exodus 37:17 he made the lampstand of clothes and made the lampstand of gold of gold.

Exodus 37:18 she must make two arms from the other side, and the arms from the two side.

Exodus 37:19 two flocks from each side of the branch ' s arms will be divided, three from each side, and three from each side were divided.

Exodus 37:21 it will be in one district, with their knowledges, which is on the outside of the rup of the lampstand, so that the lampstands were on it. in the seventh side of the lampstand, the lampstand from one side of gold.

Exodus 37:23 pure lampstands and seven lampstands on it will be made of gold, and the lampstands of it will be made of gold.

Exodus 37:29 he has made the district of the clothing, so he made the holy olive oil and the pure incense, works of foundation.

Exodus 38:1 he made the altar of bronce from the copers of bronze, which was two whative, and a large sea of two whative.

Exodus 38:3 he made all the gifts of the altar. he made all the powers of the altar : the flocks, the baskets, the flashes, and the pains.

Exodus 38:4 it was devoted to the altar. he made a portice to the altar. it was a gitter of gitter in the middle of the altar until the held of the altar, and placed to the altar in the four side of the altar.

Exodus 38:8 he made a clow of bronce with his shaper of bronze, from the descendants of those who were fasting by the door of the tent of testimony on the day he made it.

Exodus 38:9 they experienced the courtyard, and they made the courtyard. the west side of the courtyard were made from fine fino torcido, saventy whether.

Exodus 38:10 the colonne and their towers will be two, and the socks for them are of silver.

Exodus 38:11 in the district of the norderside of the norder side will be of hundred whations, and to them will be two piller and their towers of silver.

Exodus 38:12 on the west side, on the west side, will be pains of fifty years, with ten piller and their ten socks.

Exodus 38:13 there will be difficult, and on the west side, fifty years.

Exodus 38:14 on the other side, there must be fifty years on the other side, with three piller and their three socks.

Exodus 38:15 on the other side, on the other side, on the other side of the courts of the courtyard were a portice of fifty years, with three piller and their three socks.

Exodus 38:16 all the tacks of the courtyard from fine linen, all the cortils of the courtyard.

Exodus 38:17 the soads of the colonne and the soods of the coliers were of bronze, and their soads were of silver, and their haigs were clothed with silver, and all the pillers of the courts were dressed with silver.

Exodus 38:18 the curtain from the portain of the courts will be districted with various works from bull clothing, purple, karmoishin, and ronging fine linen. the length will be thirty whations, and the breadth of the breading of the courts of the courtyard.

Exodus 38:19 their four and their four were four, and their four were four, and their soads were of silver, and their haigs were obdressed with silver.

Exodus 38:20 the corners of the courts of the tabernacle and the baskets of the courts will be in bronze. they will be overcoved with silver coins, and all the baskets of the courts around the courtyard will be made of bronze.

Exodus 38:21 this is the order of the service of the tent of testimony, according to the instruction of moses, to the service of the lévites, through itamar, the son of the priest aaron.

Exodus 38:22 judas ' s son besalel, the son of uri, the son of uri, of the tribe of judah, made everything that the lord had commanded moses.

Exodus 38:23 he was different with him, and oholiab, the son of ahisamac, of the tribe of dan, who was a fatherer, who was speaking in purple, purple, karmossin, and fine lingarn.

Exodus 38:24 all the gold that were revealed to the work of the sanctuary, the gold of the offering offering, were twenty-nine talents and seven hundred and seventy siclos, according to the sicl of the sanctuary.

Exodus 38:25 from the number of the people of the sanctuary were a suffering of hundred talents and a thousand, seven hundred seventy-five siclos,

Exodus 38:26 there is a beka beka, a half sicel according to the sicl of the sanctuary, for every one who was passing through the number from thirty years and outside, for seventy and three thousand and fifty and fifty-fifty.

Exodus 38:27 for the thousand of the hundred silver coins of the tabernacle and the bafts of the curtain, 100 tacks for the hundred talents, a talent for every head.

Exodus 38:28 as well as the thousand of the two hundred seventy-five siclos they made on the pils of the colonne, lived their backs and mixed them.

Exodus 38:29 the weak of the weak of the offering offering is seventy talents and two hundred hundred siclos.

Exodus 38:30 in this way he will make the feet of the door of the tabernacle of the testimony,

Exodus 38:31 as well as the plants of the courts and the baskets of the courts of the courtyard, the baskets of the tabernacle and the baskets of the courts of the courts.

Exodus 39:1 the purple, robe, and purple clothing, purple, fine ngjote, and purple clothing were done for aaron, just as the lord had commanded moses.

Exodus 39:2 the efoda made from gold, bull, purple, and scarlet clothing and ronging fine linen.

Exodus 39:3 they will spend the clocks with purple and purple clothing, and purple clothing, and fine purple, and fine purple, and fine purple, and fine lingarn, and fine linen.

Exodus 39:4 they have made some effections for it, gathering together from the two women.

Exodus 39:5 indeed, in one of them, he should make one person with the same work, made of gold, violple, purple, and carmew, and fine fino torcido, just as the lord had commanded to moses.

Exodus 39:6 they made the onyx ' s stones destroyed with gold, separed by the seal of the descendants of the sons of israel.

Exodus 39:7 he put them on the gifts of the efoda, as stones for a memorial of the people of israel, as the lord had instructed to moses.

Exodus 39:8 they must make the brystduse with various work, like the work of the efoda, from gold, bull, purple, and scarlet clothing, and word made.

Exodus 39:9 it must be twenty-four leading. they made the borch. it was a spite of length and a spet bread to bread.

Exodus 39:10 they happened in it in four places : in the first riviin karneol, topaz, and smaragd ;

Exodus 39:11 in the second raden, a rubin, a safir, and the jaspis,

Exodus 39:12 in the third raden, a hyacinth, a agat, and the amethyst,

Exodus 39:13 in the fourth raden, a chrysolit, a onyx, and the onyx. they were dressed in clothing with gold.

Exodus 39:14 the stones were just as the noms of the sons of israel were twelve, according to their name, written with seal, each of the twelve tribes, each of the twelve tribes.

Exodus 39:15 they make plants of pure gold to the constitution for the brystduse. they are made clothes of pure gold.

Exodus 39:16 they made two fletters of gold and two goldene ringes. they put the two ringes on the two capures of the brystduel.

Exodus 39:17 they put the gifts of gold to the ringes on the two rives of the brystdual.

Exodus 39:18 in the two flasses of the two flasses they put on the two flasses and placed them on the outside side of the efoda, from the face to the face.

Exodus 39:19 they made two goldenen ringes and put them on the two winger of the brystduel, on the inside side of the efoda inside.

Exodus 39:20 they made two goldenen ringes and put them on the two hocks of the efoda in the middle of the efoda, in the middle of the efoda, from the outside of the efoda.

Exodus 39:21 they put the brystdufel in the ringes of the efoda in the ringes of the efoda, so that the efoda would not be put down from the efoda, just as the lord had instructed to moses.

Exodus 39:22 they make the clothes of the efoda with a purple clothing, all of purple clothing.

Exodus 39:23 in the middle of the clothing, that is in the middle, there will be a gathered, so that it would not be taken.

Exodus 39:24 they make in the extermed side of the mantel granathes made granatheus from bulstone, purple, scarlet, and ronging fine linen.

Exodus 39:25 they put clothing of golden clothing and made clothing of gold. they put the clothing on the clothing of the clothing alreded, among the granathes.

Exodus 39:26 and on the clothing of the mantel around the ross of the mantel around the service, to the ministry, just as the lord had instructed to moses.

Exodus 39:27 they must make the clothes of linen clothing to aaron and his sons.

Exodus 39:28 the scrolles from fine linen and the crothes from fine linen and the crothing from fine fino torcido.

Exodus 39:29 indeed, as the lord commanded to moses, he must be dressed in various clothing, with fine linen, purple, purple, and scarlet clothing, as the lord commanded to moses.

Exodus 39:30 they made the golden stone of the holy gold of purce gold and written on it : " holy is for the lord ! "

Exodus 39:31 they put on it a clock of linen clothing, to put it on the mitra inside, as the lord had instructed to moses.

Exodus 39:32 " as the lord commanded, so the people did just as the lord commanded. so they made the clothing, and the rest of the gold of the offering offering were done for the service of the temple of the lord.

Exodus 39:33 they brought the tabernacle to moses, the tabernacle with all its uteneds, the backs, the rives, its rives, its pils,

Exodus 39:34 as well as the ark of the covenant and the crothes of the wall of wearing flowns and the veir of taken wells of purple clothing, and the rest of the veid.

Exodus 39:36 as well as the table of the sacred and all its powers, and the bread that is before it,

Exodus 39:37 he will make the purt of purt of purt and its lampes, the lampen of incense, the olive oil for the light,

Exodus 39:38 thus the altar, the old oil, the incense of incense, the containing incense,

Exodus 39:40 the tacks of the courts of the courts, the pillers, the curtain of the door of the tabernacle, the port of the courtyard, all the uteneds of the tabernacle and all the crothes of the service of the service of the tent of testimony,

Exodus 39:41 the clothing and the clothing in the sanctuary for aaron and the clothing of his sons to serve the priesthood.

Exodus 39:42 " the people of israel did all the divisions that the lord commanded to moses.

Exodus 39:43 moses saw all the works that they had done it, just as the lord had commanded them, so they did it. so moses blessed them.

Exodus 40:1 then the lord said to moses,

Exodus 40:2 " on the first day of the first month you must pystyt the tabernacle of the testimony.

Exodus 40:3 then bring the ark of the testimony and call the ark with the curtain.

Exodus 40:4 then bring the table and lay the measure of it. bring the lampstand and put its lampes.

Exodus 40:5 then make the golden altar to incense before the ark of the testimony, and make the curtain before the tent of testimony.

Exodus 40:6 " then you will put the altar of brance before the intrance of the tent of testimony.

Exodus 40:8 you must put the tabernacle in rings around her, and make the tabernacle in rings around her.

Exodus 40:9 then take the voitest olive oil and anoine the tabernacle and everything that is in it, and sanctifike it with all its uteneds, so that it will be holy.

Exodus 40:10 you will anoine the altar of the brance and all his miracles, and sanctifike the altar, so that the altar will be höghly holy.

Exodus 40:12 then bring aaron and his sons to the door of the tent of kapisanan and wash them with water.

Exodus 40:13 you will put on aaron the holy clothing, anointing him and sanctified him so that he will be a priest for me.

Exodus 40:14 then bring his sons along and put them on the clothing.

Exodus 40:15 and anoine them just as you anointed their father, so that they will serve me as priests. and the uncise would be their uncertain as a eternal priesthood forever in their generation. "

Exodus 40:16 moses did everything that the lord commanded him. he did so.

Exodus 40:17 at the first month of the first month at their gone out of egypt, the tabernacle was revealed.

Exodus 40:18 then moses rebuked the tabernacle, placed the backs of the backs, placed his rives, breated his rives,

Exodus 40:19 then he extended the cortils on the tabernacle and placed the depeat of the tabernacle on it, just as the lord had commanded moses.

Exodus 40:20 then he took the testimony and put it into the ark, and placed the tacks in the ark.

Exodus 40:21 then he brought the ark into the tabernacle and placed the curtain, sitting the ark of the testimony, just as the lord had commanded to moses.

Exodus 40:22 then he placed the table in the tent of testimony, on the norderside side of the curtain.

Exodus 40:23 then he put the loaves on it before the lord, just as the lord had commanded moses.

Exodus 40:24 then he placed the lampstand in the tent of testimony, on the west side of the tabernacle,

Exodus 40:25 he put the lampes before the lord, just as the lord had commanded moses.

Exodus 40:26 then he placed the golden altar in the tent of testimony before the curtain,

Exodus 40:27 and bringed incense on it, just as the lord had commanded moses.

Exodus 40:29 then he placed the altar of brance before the door of the tabernacle.

Exodus 40:30 moses, aaron, and his sons brought their hands and their feet, when they went in the tent of testimony, or when they approached the altar to serve, to eat from it, just as the lord had instructed to moses.

Exodus 40:33 then he stapped the courtyard around the tabernacle and the altar, and moses finished the work.

Exodus 40:34 then the cloud revealed the tabernacle of testimony, and the glory of the lord filled the tabernacle.

Exodus 40:35 so moses could not enter the tent of testimony, because the cloud was over it, and the glory of the lord filled the tabernacle.

Exodus 40:36 now when the cloud rushed from the tabernacle, the israelites rushed along all their apartions.

Exodus 40:37 but if the cloud did not ascend, they did not go away until the day the wolk suffered.

Exodus 40:38 for a nube was on the tabernacle on day, and in the night there was a fire in the presence of all the people of israel in all their plagues in the wall of them. moses saw all the works that they had done, just as the lord had commanded them.

Leviticus 1:1 then the lord called moses and spoke to him from the tent of testimony, saying,

Leviticus 1:2 " speak to the israelites and tell them, if someone among you offers a offering to the lord, you will bring your offering from the beast, of the beast or of the sheep.

Leviticus 1:3 if his offering is a holocauve of hors, he will bring a fear feciless man. to the door of the tent of testimony he will bring it as a acception for the lord.

Leviticus 1:4 he must put his hand on the head of the sacrifice, that is welcomed to him, to make expication for him.

Leviticus 1:5 then he will slact the beast before the lord, and the priests, the sons of aaron, will bring the blood and strow the blood on the altar around all time, that is, by the door of the tent of testimony.

Leviticus 1:6 then they will destroy the brance of the arder-de-tot and put it in his members.

Leviticus 1:7 then the sons of aaron, the priests, will put fire on the altar and put tree on the fire.

Leviticus 1:8 then the priests, the sons of aaron, will put the foods, the head and the seed, on the trees that is on the fire that is on the altar.

Leviticus 1:9 but the womb and the feet should wash with water, and the priests will brenne all things on the altar. it is a fruit of a lifting wood to the lord.

Leviticus 1:10 if his gift is a sheep of sheep, of the beast or of the beast, he will bring a fear sin without fear.

Leviticus 1:11 he will slack it on the norder side of the altar before the lord, and the priests of aaron will strow his blood on the altar alreded.

Leviticus 1:12 then he will threw it in his members, with his head and his seed, and the priest will put them on the tree that is on the fire on the altar.

Leviticus 1:13 he will wash the ingewand and the feet. then the priest will bring all things and brenne them on the altar. it is a fruit, a sacrifice, a lifting wood to the lord.

Leviticus 1:14 if a food of the birds offeres for the lord, he will bring his offering from turteldues or of doves.

Leviticus 1:15 then the priest will bring it to the altar, clean his head and stone it on the altar, and his blood will turn up at the side of the altar.

Leviticus 1:16 he will take the krop with his cloak and throw it on the west side of the altar, on the place of the as.

Leviticus 1:17 then he will break it out of his vinger and do not destroy it. then the priest will brenne it on the altar with the trees that are on the fire. it is a fruit, a sacrifice, a lifting wood to the lord.

Leviticus 2:1 " if someone offeres a sacrifice to the lord, his gift will be of fish of fish, and will beat olive oil on it and put incense on it.

Leviticus 2:2 then he will bring it to the priests, the sons of aaron. he will take full of the fever with the olive oil with all its incense, and will brenne it on the altar to remember of it. it is a sacrifice, a lifting wood for the lord.

Leviticus 2:3 the rest of the sacrifice of the sacrifice will be for aaron and his sons. it is a höghly present from the sacrifices offered to the lord.

Leviticus 2:4 " if you offer a sacrifice of sacrifice completed in a bacch, there will be unleavened bread, unleavened bread, smessed with olive oil, and unleavened bocks anointed with olie.

Leviticus 2:5 " if your gift is a sacrifice from a plan, it will be a feast of fish seared with olie, and there will be unleavened.

Leviticus 2:6 put it in pieces and put olive oil on it. it is a sacrifice.

Leviticus 2:7 " if your gift is a sacrifice, that will be prepared with fish of fish with olive oil.

Leviticus 2:8 then you will bring the sacrifice that has been given with these things to the lord, and bring it to the priest, and he will bring it to the altar.

Leviticus 2:9 then the priest will take away some of the sacrifice as a memorial and brenne it on the altar. it is a iller, a lifting wood to the lord.

Leviticus 2:10 the rest of the sacrifice of the sacrifice will be for aaron and his sons. it is a höghly pleasure from the sacrifices offered to the lord.

Leviticus 2:11 you must not offer all the sacrifices you offered to the lord with least, for you should not offere all living or honey from it, as a sacrifice to the lord.

Leviticus 2:12 you will bring them to the lord as a offering offered, but do not be offered on the altar as a lifful wood.

Leviticus 2:13 and every gift of your sacrifices must be salt with salt, and you will not leave the salt of your covenant from your sacrifices. you will bring salt with all your gift.

Leviticus 2:14 " if you offer the offering of the first present offering to the lord, you will bring the offering of the first present produce.

Leviticus 2:15 get olive oil on it and put incense on it. it is a sacrifice.

Leviticus 2:16 then the priest will bring it as a memorial of the grapes and the olive oil with all its incense. it is a sacrifice for the lord.

Leviticus 3:1 " if his offering is a sacrifice of pacifice, if he offers a beast, a child or a women, should he bring it without feght before the lord.

Leviticus 3:2 he will put his hand on the head of his gift, and will swallow it before the tent of testimony, and the priests of aaron ' s sons will strow his blood on the altar alreded.

Leviticus 3:3 then on the sacrifice of dance will bring a food for the lord, the food that bears the intestings, and all the crès that is on the intests

Leviticus 3:4 and the two nighs with the crès that is on them, that is on the lender, and the lapk that is on the leber he will take away with the nighers.

Leviticus 3:5 and the sons of aaron will brenne it on the altar with the brance that is on the tree that is on the fire. it is a ilder, a lifting wood to the lord.

Leviticus 3:6 if his gift is a sheep of sheep, a sacrifice of pacifiks for the lord, he should bring it a child or a femel.

Leviticus 3:7 if he offers a eager, he will bring it before the lord,

Leviticus 3:8 he will put his hand on the head of his gift, and will swallow it before the tent of testimony, and the sons of aaron will strow his blood on the altar alreded.

Leviticus 3:9 then he will bring a food of the pacified offering for the lord : the fett, the four, with the crothes, will take away, and all the flesh that is on the intesting,

Leviticus 3:10 and irry the nieren and the crès that is on them, that is on the lender, and the lapk on the fower. he must take away with the nighers.

Leviticus 3:11 the priest will brenne it in the altar. it is a ilder of a suffering for the lord.

Leviticus 3:12 if his gift is a boot, he should bring it before the lord

Leviticus 3:13 he will put his hand on his head and slaughter the ark of the tent of testimony, and the sons of aaron will strow his blood on the altar already.

Leviticus 3:14 then he will bring in it a food for the lord, the food that bears the intestings, and all the crès that is on the intestings

Leviticus 3:15 and irry the nights and the crès that is on them, that is on the lends, and the lapin on the leber he will take away with the nighers.

Leviticus 3:16 then the priest will brenne it on the altar. it is a fruit of a lifful wood for the lord. all the seed is for the lord.

Leviticus 3:17 it will be a eternal constance for all your generations, where you live. you must not eat anything of grass or blood. "

Leviticus 4:1 then the lord said to moses,

Leviticus 4:2 " tell the people of israel, saying, " if someone sins from unscience against anything against anything of the commandments of the lord,

Leviticus 4:3 if the anointed priest sins and reveal the people to sin, he will bring a beast without fear for his sin that he has committed, a bear of hors without fear for the lord for his sin.

Leviticus 4:4 he will bring the beast to the door of the tent of testimony before the lord, put his hand on the head of the beast, and will slaughter the beast before the lord.

Leviticus 4:5 then the unsealed priest will take from the blood of the beast and bring it into the tent of testimony.

Leviticus 4:6 then the priest will baptize his finger in the blood and sprender some times seven times before the temple curtain.

Leviticus 4:7 then the priest will stryke some of the blood on the horns of the altar of incense that is before the lord, in the tent of samenkomst. the rest of the blood of the beast he must strow at the foot of the altar of brance that is at the door of the tent of testimony.

Leviticus 4:8 then he will take all the fett of the beast of syndoffer, the flesh that bears the intestings, and all the seed that is on the intestings,

Leviticus 4:9 the two nighs with the crès that is on them and the crès that is on the heads, and the lapk that is on the fower, that must take away with the nighers.

Leviticus 4:10 just as it is taken from the beast of the sacrifice of peace, and the priest will brenne it on the altar.

Leviticus 4:11 but the beat of the beast, his flesh, his head, his intesting, his intesting,

Leviticus 4:12 then they will bring the whole beast out out of the camp to a clean place where the graw is gied, and will burn it on a tree with fire. it will be burned on the ground of the ashes.

Leviticus 4:13 if the whole israel of israel does not defile unknowledge and it is revealed from the presence of the people, and they commands anything of the commandments of the lord that they should not do, and regress.

Leviticus 4:14 if their sin that they have committed is known, the group will bring a beast as sacrif for sin, and bring him before the tent of testimony.

Leviticus 4:15 the elders of the group must put their hands on the head of the beast before the lord, and they will slaughter the beast before the lord.

Leviticus 4:16 then the one who is sealed will bring from the blood of the beast into the tent of testimony.

Leviticus 4:17 then the priest taumes his finger in the blood and sprenge seven times before the lord, before the curtain.

Leviticus 4:18 then he will stryke from the blood on the horns of the altar that is before the lord in the tent of withhold. then he must strow the rest of the blood on the foot of the brannot of brance that is before the tent of testimony.

Leviticus 4:19 he will take all the seed from it and brenne it on the altar.

Leviticus 4:20 he should do with the beast just as he did with the beast of syndoffer. so the priest will reconciliare them, and it will be forgiven.

Leviticus 4:21 then he will bring the beast out of the camp and burn it just as he burned the first beast. it is the sacrifice of the offering offering of the completion.

Leviticus 4:22 " if a rulner sin commits against unscience against any of the commandments of the lord his god without inscience and commits sin,

Leviticus 4:23 if the sin he has committed is known to him, he will bring a kec, a fear fecier,

Leviticus 4:24 he must put his hand on the head of the bock and kill it in the place where they will slactice the brance of brance in the presence of the lord. it is a sacrifice for sin.

Leviticus 4:25 then the priest will put some of the blood of the sacrifice for sin with his finger and stryke it on the horns of the altar of brannounce, and share the blood of the blood on the fuge of the altar.

Leviticus 4:26 then he will brenne all his seed on the altar like the seed of dants of dants. so the priest will reconciliare him from his sin, and he will be forgiven.

Leviticus 4:27 " if some of the people sins by ignorance, having done one of the commandments of the lord that it should not be done, and is sin,

Leviticus 4:28 if the sin he has committed is known to him, he will bring a bear, feciful, for the sin he has committed.

Leviticus 4:29 he should put his hand on the head of the sacrifice of sin, and will slack the sacrifice of sin in the place where they slactices the brance of brance.

Leviticus 4:30 then the priest will take some of her blood with his finger and stryke it on the horns of the altar of brannounce, and take all the blood of it out at the foot of the altar.

Leviticus 4:31 he will take all the seed, as the seed is taken away from the sacrifice of pacifies, and the priest will brenne it on the altar in a lifting wood to the lord. so the priest will reconciliare him, and he will be forgiven.

Leviticus 4:32 if he offers a sheep as sacrifice for sin, he should bring a fedeful, fedeful.

Leviticus 4:33 he must put his hand on the head of the sacrifice for sin and will kill it as a sacrifice in the place where they slactied the brance of brance.

Leviticus 4:34 then the priest will take some of the blood of the pection with his finger and stryke it on the horns of the altar of the brance, and take all the blood of the blood on the fuge of the altar.

Leviticus 4:35 all his flesh he will take away as the flesh of the sheep of the pacifies, and the priest will arrest it on the altar with the sacrifices offered to the lord. so the priest will reconciliare for him for his sin he has committed, and it will be forgiven.

Leviticus 5:1 " if someone sins and listen to the voice of a swear, whether he is a witness or has seen or knows unless he does it, he will take his sin.

Leviticus 5:2 if anyone touches anything unclean, unclean, kill, seated, unclean or unclean, or the body of unclean flesh or the body of unclean beast,

Leviticus 5:3 if he touches a human impurity from every person who is impurity, if he touches him, he will be delivered.

Leviticus 5:4 or if anyone swears with their lips to deceive to do anything evil or good, according to whatever someone deceives with a oath, and has been healed before his eyes, but if he knows it, he will sin against one of these things.

Leviticus 5:5 then he will confess his sin because he has committed against it,

Leviticus 5:6 then he will bring the sacrifice that he has committed for the lord for his sin he has committed, a wife of the sheep, a sheep or a boat. so the priest will reconciliate him for his sin.

Leviticus 5:7 but if he does not help the sheep of the sheep, he will bring to the lord for his sin that he has committed two turtels or two doves, one as expiator and the other as holocauve.

Leviticus 5:8 he will bring them to the priest who will first offere the sacrifice that is for the sin, and will strike his head from the need, but should not destroy it.

Leviticus 5:9 then he will strow some of the blood of the expiación on the wall of the altar, and the rest of the blood will strike at the foot of the altar. it is a expiação of a sin.

Leviticus 5:10 the second sacrifice he will offer as a holocaust according to the order. then the priest will reconciliare for his sin that he has committed, and he will be forgiven.

Leviticus 5:11 but if he does not find two turteltauve or two young doves, then he will bring the offering that he has committed, a tighth of a efa four mel for sin. he should not giew olive on it or put incense on it, because it is a sacrifice for sin.

Leviticus 5:12 he will bring it to the priest, and the priest will take a full of dragon in the memorial of it and will brenne it on the altar in the offering of the offerings offered to the lord. it is a expiação for a sacrifice.

Leviticus 5:13 then the priest will reconciliare him for his sin that he has committed in one of these things, and it will be forgiven. the rest will be for the priest, like the sacrifice of fish. "

Leviticus 5:14 then the lord said to moses,

Leviticus 5:15 " if someone rejects him and sins by ignorance against the saints of the lord, he will bring the skyldoffer to the lord from the sheep without fear from the sheep, in honor of silver silver, the sicl of the sanctuary, for the sicl of the sanctuary.

Leviticus 5:16 and to what he has sinned from the saints he will repay, and he will add a fifth to it and give it to the priest. when the priest will reconciliare him with the sacrifice of deliction, and it will be forgiven.

Leviticus 5:17 " if someone sins and does any of what is commanded the lord ' s commandments, and does not know it, he will be sin and take his sin.

Leviticus 5:18 then he will bring a feal feed from the sheep, in your honor for deliction, to the priest. so the priest will reconciliare him for his unbeliever that he has committed, yet he did not know it, and it will be forgiven.

Leviticus 5:19 he has rejected transgression against the lord.

Leviticus 6:1 the lord said to moses,

Leviticus 6:2 " if someone sinds against a person and rebells against the commandment of the lord and reject his neighbor as he has been commended, or if he has committed his neighbor,

Leviticus 6:3 if he finds a destruction or found about it and swears unrighteous concerning anything that a person does, to sin by these things,

Leviticus 6:4 if he sins, he will be sining. if he sins and is transgressed, he should repay what he has received or the crime that he has forced for him or the destroyed that he found,

Leviticus 6:5 of every things he swore unrighteous concerning what he swore unrighteous, and should repay the beast of it. to anyone he has, he should repay him on the day he is revealed.

Leviticus 6:6 he will bring from the sheep from the sheep from the sheep without fear from the sheep without fear from the sheep, for which he has committed.

Leviticus 6:7 happening to it, the priest will make soning for him before the lord, and it will be forgiven for him, because he has done for one of the things he has done. "

Leviticus 6:8 the lord said to moses,

Leviticus 6:9 " you should give aaron and his sons this order : this is the law about the brance of the brance. this is the offering offering for the whole night on the altar, whole night until the morning, and the fire of the altar will be burned on it.

Leviticus 6:10 " the priest will put on the fine linen clothing and put on his body fine linen clothing, and take away the food that the fire has destroyed from the altar and put it along of the altar.

Leviticus 6:11 he must put his clothes and put on another clothing, and will bring the food out of the camp to a clean place.

Leviticus 6:12 there will be difficult and fire on the altar. it should not be exsamled, but the priest will burn tree on it in the morning, and will put the offering offering on it and put the fett of taking offerings on it.

Leviticus 6:13 the fire and fire will always burn on the altar always ; it will not be extinged.

Leviticus 6:14 this is the law about the sacrifice : the sons of aaron will bring it before the lord before the altar.

Leviticus 6:15 however, it will take away from it from the fever of the four of the sacrifice of sacrifice, with its olje, and all the reast that is on the sacrifice of the sacrifice of the sacrifice, and will brenne it on the altar. this is a libry of a lifting wood for the lord.

Leviticus 6:16 aaron and his sons must eat what remains from it, unhappament bread will eat, in a holy place, on the voorhof of the tent of testimony.

Leviticus 6:17 it must not be taken with fine clothing. i have given them a part of the sacrifices offered to the lord. it is just as the sacrifice of sin and as sacrifice for deliction.

Leviticus 6:18 " every manners of the priests will eat it. this must be a eternal instance in your generation from the sacrifices offered to the lord. every person who touches them will be sanctified.

Leviticus 6:19 the lord said to moses,

Leviticus 6:20 " this is the offering of aaron and his sons that they will bring to the lord on the day when he will be anointed : a tighth of a efa flor of fish for a continue sacrifice, a held to the morning and a held to the afternoon.

Leviticus 6:21 it must be divided in a tail with olive oil ; it will be gathered and bring it in pieced. it is a sacrifice of a lifting wood to the lord.

Leviticus 6:22 the priest of his sons who will be sealed in his place will make it. it is a eternal law. it will be completed together.

Leviticus 6:23 every sacrifice of the sacrifice of the priest will be founid. it must not be eating. "

Leviticus 6:24 the lord said to moses,

Leviticus 6:25 " you should speak to aaron and to his sons, saying, " this is the law about syndoffer : on the place where the sacrifice of single offering will be slacted for the presence of the lord. it is högighly.

Leviticus 6:26 the priest who will bring it for the offering of the offering, he should eat it ; it must be eaten in a holy place, on the ingang of the tent of testimony.

Leviticus 6:27 " if anyone touches its flesh will be sanctified, and if her blood has set off on the clothing, it will be washed on a holy place.

Leviticus 6:28 it will be destroyed by it, in which it is setter, and if it is bound in a koper of bronze, it must share it and burn it with water.

Leviticus 6:29 every child of manners among the priests should be divided it, for it is a högighly.

Leviticus 6:30 it must not eat anything of the sacrifice of sin that will be brought into the tent of testimony to make soning in the holy place will not be eaten, but it will be burned with fire.

Leviticus 7:1 " and this is the law of the sacrifice of deliction : it is höghly.

Leviticus 7:2 on the place where they slactices the sacrifice of deliction will gound the culp of deliction, and throw his blood on the altar around all time.

Leviticus 7:3 then he will take all his crès from it, the lender, the flesh, the intesting intesting intestings,

Leviticus 7:4 and the two nights with the crès that is on them and on the lends, and the lapk that is on the fower, that must take away with the nighers.

Leviticus 7:5 then the priest will brenne them on the altar. it is a brance for the lord.

Leviticus 7:6 everyone child of manners of the priests must eat it. it must eat in a holy place. it is a höghly.

Leviticus 7:7 just as the sacrifice of sin is the same as the sacrifice for deliction. it is one law for them ; it will be the priest who reconcilies it.

Leviticus 7:8 the priest who offers a sacrifice for a person must be the hud of the sacrifice that he offers.

Leviticus 7:9 all the sacrifice that is prepared in the bach or whatever is gathered on a peat or pannment, will be the priest who offers it.

Leviticus 7:10 and every sacrifice that is weared with olje or wear will be for all the sons of aaron, each one as one.

Leviticus 7:11 " this is the law of the sacrifice of peace that they offers to the lord :

Leviticus 7:12 if you offered it for praise, he will bring a bread from flor of flor of flor of flor of flor of flor of flor of flor of flor of flor of flor of flor of flor of flor of flor of flor of flor of fish conspersed with olie.

Leviticus 7:13 with unered bread he will bring his offering for the sacrifice of thanks of thanks.

Leviticus 7:14 he will bring one of all his offerings as a offering for the lord. it will be for the priest who sprengs the blood of sacrifice.

Leviticus 7:15 the flesh of the sacrifice of thanks of thanks must be eating on the day he offers. no one should leave it until the next day.

Leviticus 7:16 if he offered a gift or a free offering, it must be eaten on the day he offers, and on the next day.

Leviticus 7:17 the rest of the flesh of the sacrifice will be burned in fire.

Leviticus 7:18 but if he eat from the flesh on the third day, it will not be accepted for the one who offers it, but it is a impurity, and the person who eats from it will receive his sin.

Leviticus 7:19 it must not eat anything that touches unclean. it must be burned with fire. everyone who is clean must eat food.

Leviticus 7:20 but if someone commits a flesh of the sacrifice of dance that is for the lord, that person must be taken out of her people.

Leviticus 7:21 if anyone touches anything unclean or human impurity or unclean beast or any unclean abomination, and eat the flesh of the dance of pacifies that is for the lord, that person must be taken out of her people. "

Leviticus 7:22 then the lord said to moses,

Leviticus 7:23 " tell the people of israel, ' you must not eat the seed of beast or sheep or sheep.

Leviticus 7:24 the seed of divided or killed will be made for every work, but do not eat it for food.

Leviticus 7:25 for whoever eats the flesh of the beast that offeres for the lord, that person must be taken out of her own people.

Leviticus 7:26 you must not eat anything from the birds or of the beast in every place where you live.

Leviticus 7:27 every person who eats blood, that person must be taken out of her own people. "

Leviticus 7:28 then the lord said to moses,

Leviticus 7:29 " speak to the people of israel, saying : whoever offers his offering pacifies to the lord will bring from his pacifiity to the lord.

Leviticus 7:30 with his hands will bring the bringing offering offering to the lord. he will bring the seed with the bringan, so that it may bear them as a hefoffer before the lord.

Leviticus 7:31 then the priest will brenne the seed on the altar, but the bryster will be to aaron and for his sons.

Leviticus 7:32 then you will give the priest the right seed from your pacifies sacrifices.

Leviticus 7:33 the one of the sons of aaron who offers the blood of dants and the seed will be his part.

Leviticus 7:34 for i have taken from the israelites the bringan of offering offering and the book of the offering offering, and i have given them to aaron the priest and his sons to a eternal instance from the people of israel.

Leviticus 7:35 this is the unquent of aaron and his sons of the sacrifices of the offering offered to the lord on the day he brought them to be priests to serve the lord.

Leviticus 7:36 what the lord commanded to give them from the sons of israel on the day he anointed them. this is a eternal ordnung for them generations and generations. "

Leviticus 7:37 this is the law for the holocausts, the sacrifice of sacrifice, the sacrifice for sin, the sacrifice for transgression, the insetion, and the sacrifice of peace.

Leviticus 7:38 the lord commanded moses on the mountain sinai on the day he commanded the people of israel to bring their offerings to the lord in the wilderness sinai.

Leviticus 8:1 then the lord said to moses,

Leviticus 8:2 " take aaron and his sons with him, the clothing, the olive oil, the beast of syndoffer, the two rams, the korb of the unleavened bread,

Leviticus 8:3 then bring the whole group together before the door of the tabernacle of the testimony. "

Leviticus 8:4 so moses did just as the lord had commanded him, and the whole group gathered before the door of the tent of testimony.

Leviticus 8:5 then moses said to the synagogue, " this is what the lord commanded to do. "

Leviticus 8:6 then moses brought aaron and his sons and washed them with water.

Leviticus 8:7 then he wrapped him the clothing, cinged him with the belt, wrapped him on the clothing, wrapped the efod on him, wrapped him with the clothing of the efoda.

Leviticus 8:8 then he placed the brysttasse on it and placed the urim and tummim in the brysttasse.

Leviticus 8:9 then he placed the turban on his head and placed it on the turban, before him, the golden scroll, the holy place, just as the lord had commanded to moses.

Leviticus 8:10 then moses took some of the uncied olive oil.

Leviticus 8:11 then he sprenged from it seven times on the altar and anointed the altar and all his uteneds, the wast and his wall, so that he sanctified them.

Leviticus 8:12 then he poured out of the oil of the unciliation on aaron ' s head and anointed him to sanctified him.

Leviticus 8:13 then moses brought the sons of aaron and dressed them in clothing, leading them living, and wrapped on them rows, just as the lord had commanded moses.

Leviticus 8:14 then he brought the beast of sacrifice for sin, and aaron and his sons placed his hands on the head of the beast of syndoffer.

Leviticus 8:15 then moses killed it, took some blood and placed it with his finger on the horns of the altar around all time, and purified the altar. then he poured the rest of the blood on the fuge of the altar and sanctified it, to make it soning for it.

Leviticus 8:16 then he took all the seed that was on the intestings, the lapk on the fower with the two nights with their crès, and irrounded it on the altar.

Leviticus 8:17 but the beast, his haut, his flesh and his state he burned out with fire outside the camp, just as the lord had commanded to moses.

Leviticus 8:18 then he brought the beast of the holocauve, and aaron and his sons placed their hands on the head of the carge.

Leviticus 8:19 then moses slacted the bock and sprenged the blood on the altar alreded.

Leviticus 8:20 then he turned the flock in his members, and moses burned the head and the members and the seed.

Leviticus 8:21 but he washed the intestings and the feet and offered the whole flock on the altar. it was a holocauunt for a lifful wood, a feueroffering for the lord, as the lord had commanded.

Leviticus 8:22 then he brought the second ram, the carge of the consacction, and aaron and his sons placed their hands on the head of the beast.

Leviticus 8:23 then moses killed it, took some of his blood, placed it on the right tears of aaron, on the finger of his right hand, and on the finger of his right feet.

Leviticus 8:24 then he brought up the sons of aaron, and moses placed some blood on the right teeth of their right teeth, on the dip finger of their right hands, and the blood betuped on the altar along around.

Leviticus 8:25 then he took the crès, the four, all the crès that is on the intests, the lapk on the fower, the two nights with their crès, and the right keule.

Leviticus 8:26 then he took one unleavened bread from the korb of the unleavened bread that was before the lord, one unleavened bread, one olives with olive oil and placed it on the flesh and on the right book.

Leviticus 8:27 then he placed all these things in the hands of aaron and on the hands of his sons, and he presented them in the presence of the lord.

Leviticus 8:28 then moses took them from their hands and offered it on the altar with the brance of the brance. this is the inding offering that is a lifting wood, a feueroffering to the lord.

Leviticus 8:29 then moses took the brust and heat it as a vix in the presence of the lord. this was moses ' inheritance, just as the lord had commanded moses.

Leviticus 8:30 then moses took from the pomaction and from the blood that was on the altar and sprenged aaron and his clothing, and his sons and his long robes. so he sanctified aaron and his clothes, his sons, and the long clothing of his sons.

Leviticus 8:31 then moses said to aaron and his sons, " keep the flesh in the ingang of the tent of withhave, and eat it there with the bread that is in the korb of the vihation, as i have commanded, saying, ' aaron and his sons will eat it. '

Leviticus 8:32 the rest of the flesh and the bread will be burned up with fire.

Leviticus 8:33 you must not go from the door of the tent of samekt until the day of your consacction are fulfilled, for seven days you will perfect your hands.

Leviticus 8:34 just as it has done this on this day, so has the lord commanded them to make soning for you.

Leviticus 8:35 you must remain on the door of the tent of testimony day and night for seven days, and hold the order of the lord, so that you will not be dead. for this is what the lord commanded me. "

Leviticus 8:36 so aaron and his sons did all the things the lord had commanded through moses.

Leviticus 9:1 on the eighth day moses called aaron and his sons and the elders of israel.

Leviticus 9:2 then said to aaron, " take you a beast as sacrifice for sin and a carge for a lamb without fear, and bring it before the lord.

Leviticus 9:3 " tell the people of israel, take one boc as sacrif for sin, and a beast and a lamb for a feast, fedeful, as a sacrifice,

Leviticus 9:4 and a back and a ram for pacifiks for the presence of the lord, and a four of fish separed with olie ; for today the lord will appearate to you. "

Leviticus 9:5 then they took what moses had commanded before the tent of testimony. then the whole group came and stood before the lord.

Leviticus 9:6 moses said, " this is what the lord commanded you to do, and the glory of the lord will appear to you. "

Leviticus 9:7 then moses said to aaron, " come to the altar and offer your sin for a sin and your brance, and make soning for yourself and for the people. bring the offering of the people, and make soning for them, as the lord has commanded. "

Leviticus 9:8 then aaron came to the altar and swallowed the beast of the sacrifice of sin.

Leviticus 9:9 the sons of aaron brought the blood to him, and he taught his finger in the blood and put it on the horns of the altar, and the rest of the blood he poured out on the fuge of the altar.

Leviticus 9:10 but the flesh, the nights, the lapse of the leep lapse he offered on the altar, as the lord had commanded to moses.

Leviticus 9:11 but the flesh and the four he burned out with fire outside the camp.

Leviticus 9:12 then he threw the brance of the brance, and the sons of aaron brought him the blood, whom he sprenged on the altar alreded.

Leviticus 9:13 then they brought to him the brance of the brance with the head, and he threw it on the altar.

Leviticus 9:14 he washed the intestings and the feet and placed them on the brance of the brance of the altar.

Leviticus 9:15 then he brought the sacrifice of the people. he took the beast of sacrifice for the people, threw it as a sacrifice of sin, like the first.

Leviticus 9:16 then he offered the brance of the holocaust and offled it according to the order.

Leviticus 9:17 then he offered the sacrifice of the sacrifice, filled the hands from it and placed it on the altar, except the morning brance.

Leviticus 9:18 then he threw the beast and the ram as a sacrifice of dance for the people, and the sons of aaron brought him the blood, whom he sprenged on the altar along around.

Leviticus 9:19 then the crès of the oxe and of the flock, the food, the crès that acoves the intestings, the two nighches with their crès, the lapk of the fower,

Leviticus 9:20 they placed the flesh on the brysts and offered the flesh on the altar.

Leviticus 9:21 but the bord and the right hinterkeat aaron low in the presence of the lord, just as the lord had commanded moses.

Leviticus 9:22 then aaron raised his hands on the people and blessed them. then, after he had offered the sacrifice of sin, the branquent and the sacrifice of peace.

Leviticus 9:23 when moses and aaron went into the tent of testimony, they went out and blessed the people. then the glory of the lord appeared to all the people.

Leviticus 9:24 then a fire came out from the lord and devoured the brance of the brance and the flesh on the altar. when all the people saw this, they were astonished and fell down his face to the ground.

Leviticus 10:1 but nadab and abihu, the sons of aaron, took each one his incensce, placed fire on it and placed incense on it, and brought others fire before the lord, that he had not commanded them.

Leviticus 10:2 then fire came out from the lord and devored them, so that they died before the lord.

Leviticus 10:3 then moses said to aaron, " this is what the lord said : in those who are approaching i i will be sanctified, and in the whole group i will be glorified. " so aaron was distressed.

Leviticus 10:4 then moses called misael and elizafan, the sons of usziel, the father of aaron, and said to them, " come and take your brothers away from the sanctuary outside the camp. "

Leviticus 10:5 so they came and dragged them in their cloaks outside the camp, as moses had said.

Leviticus 10:6 then moses said to aaron and his sons eleazar and ithamar, " do not break your head and share your clothes, so that you may not be dead and anger over the whole group. but your brothers, the whole israel of israel, will weep the incense that the lord has burned.

Leviticus 10:7 you must not go from the door of the tent of testimony so that you may not be dead, for the oil of the unction of the lord is on you. " so they did as moses said.

Leviticus 10:8 then the lord said to aaron,

Leviticus 10:9 " you or your sons must not drink drink nor drink, if you enter the tent of testimony, so that you will not die. this is a eternal instance for you and your generations.

Leviticus 10:10 to reveal the holy and the unholy, from the unclean and the pure,

Leviticus 10:11 and to instruct the israelites all the instructs that the lord has spoken to them through moses. "

Leviticus 10:12 then moses said to aaron and to eleazar and ithamar, the resting sons of aaron, " take the sacrifice left rest of the sacrifices offered to the lord, and eat it unleavened bread at the altar, for it is höghly holy.

Leviticus 10:13 you will eat it in a holy place, for it is your and your sons of the offerings of the offering offered to the lord, for so i have commanded.

Leviticus 10:14 the brysting bord and the book of the offering offering offering you will eat in a holy place, you and your sons and your household with you. for they were given to you and your sons, which is given from the sacrifices of taking offerings to the people of israel.

Leviticus 10:15 the beat of the offering offering offering and the brysts of offering offering with the flesh of the flesh, for in the presence of the lord, and it will be for you and your sons with you, as a eternal instance, just as the lord have commanded. "

Leviticus 10:16 moses asked for the beast of syndoffer, and look, he was swallowed up. then he became anger against eleazar and ithamar, the resting sons of aaron, and said,

Leviticus 10:17 " why did you not eat the sacrifice of sin in a holy place ? it is höghly holy and he has given to you to eat so that you may take away the sin of the people, to make soning for them before the lord.

Leviticus 10:18 " for his blood was not brought into the sanctuary. you would eat it in the holy place, just as i have commanded. "

Leviticus 10:19 aaron said to moses, " look, they have now offered their sin and their sacrifice to sin before the lord, and these things have happened to me. if i had now eat the sacrifice of sin, could it be pleased to the lord ? "

Leviticus 10:20 when moses heard this, he was good to him.

Leviticus 11:1 and the lord said to moses and aaron,

Leviticus 11:2 " tell the people of israel, saying, this is the beast that you will eat from all the birds that are on the earth :

Leviticus 11:3 you will eat every beast who has klops gestita, who rument among the beast, you should eat.

Leviticus 11:4 nevertheless, you should not eat from those who rumed, and from those who have kluw harms : the camel because he rumeives but has no klow divimed : it will be reason impurity for you.

Leviticus 11:5 it must be unclean for you, because he ruck but does not have klow : it will be for you unclean ;

Leviticus 11:6 the caven, because he rumes but does not have kloads, he will be repura for you,

Leviticus 11:7 the cup, because it has kloads had klow, but does not rument, it will be reason clean for you.

Leviticus 11:8 you do not eat their flesh or touch their body, for you are unclean.

Leviticus 11:9 from everything that is in the water will you eat : everything that is in the water, the sea, the sea, and the flood, you will eat.

Leviticus 11:10 but everything that is in the sea, from everything that is in the water, and from all the living creatures that are in the water, everything that is in the water, it will be a defiled.

Leviticus 11:11 they will be a abominable for you : do not eat their flesh and abominate their dead.

Leviticus 11:12 everything that is in the water will be a defiled for you.

Leviticus 11:13 " these must be detested from the birds, but do not eat it, for they are a defiled : the aquel, the lamp, the lamp,

Leviticus 11:14 the bound, all arter of harb,

Leviticus 11:15 a flesh with his especie,

Leviticus 11:16 the stran, all the arter, the stran, all its soorte, the stran, all its especies,

Leviticus 11:17 the scroll, the scroll, the scroll,

Leviticus 11:18 the purp clothing, the pelicken and the clothing,

Leviticus 11:19 the stran, all the especies with its especie, the stran, all the especies,

Leviticus 11:20 all the birds walking on four feet will be a abominable for you.

Leviticus 11:21 but these things you will eat from all the birds walking on four feet, which have bears inside of his feet to clow them on the earth.

Leviticus 11:22 from them you will eat : the hargol according to its especie, the hargol according to its especie, the hargol according to its especie, the hargol according to its especie, the hargol according to its especie.

Leviticus 11:23 all the birds, reptiles that have four feet will be a abominable for you.

Leviticus 11:24 by these things you will be defiled. everyone who touches their body will be impurity until the afternoon.

Leviticus 11:25 and everyone who takes away their body will wass his clothes and be clean until the afternoon.

Leviticus 11:26 all the animals who have kloue, but does not rumbe, will be imclean for you. everyone who touches them will be imclean.

Leviticus 11:27 every animal animal animals that go on four feet will be unclean for you. everyone who touches their body will be imclean until the afternoon.

Leviticus 11:28 and the one who takes away their body must wash his clothes and will be clean until the afternoon. they are unclean for you.

Leviticus 11:29 " these will be unclean for you from the reptiles that reveal on the earth : the mouths, the muths, the rocks of the clothing,

Leviticus 11:30 the basan, the chickeal, the chicp, the chicp, the chameleon, and the chameleon.

Leviticus 11:31 these are unclean for you from all animals. everyone who touches them when they are dead will be imclean until the afternoon.

Leviticus 11:32 every thing on which an one of them falls will be clean, from every tree of tree or clothing or pick or sack, every rich work that is done in work, it will be thrown into water and will be clean until the afternoon, then it will be clean.

Leviticus 11:33 if one of them falls an tongerent instrument, everything that is in it will be unclean and it will be broken.

Leviticus 11:34 every food that eats when water comes on it will be unclean, and every drink that he drinks will be unclean.

Leviticus 11:35 whatever one of their body falls on, will be clean. ovn and sort will be cut down, because they are unclean and will be revealed to you.

Leviticus 11:36 but only a font of water and a cistery and the group of water will be clean, but the one who touches their body will be imclean.

Leviticus 11:37 if their body falls on every sound that is sown, it will be clean.

Leviticus 11:38 but if water fell on the descendant, and one of their body falls on it, it will be reason unclean.

Leviticus 11:39 if some of the animals you have for eat will died, the person who touches their body will be imclean until the afternoon.

Leviticus 11:40 and the one who eats from this body must wash his clothes and will be imclean until the afternoon. and the one who takes out their body will wash his clothes and will be imclean until the afternoon.

Leviticus 11:41 every repter that lives on the ground will be a defily for you ; it must not eat.

Leviticus 11:42 no one who goes on the mouth and all who walks always, or that is a large foot of all animals who are reptiles on the earth, you should not eat it, because they are a detestable.

Leviticus 11:43 " do not defile your souls with any reptil mouth, and do not be defiled by them, so that you will not be unclean by them.

Leviticus 11:44 for i am the lord your god. then you will be holy, and be holy because i am holy. do not defile your souls with anything that lives the earth.

Leviticus 11:45 for i am the lord who brought you up from the land of egypt to be your god. so you will be holy, for i am holy.

Leviticus 11:46 this is the law about the birds, the birds, all the animals that lives in the water, and about all the birds reptiles on the earth,

Leviticus 11:47 to reveal from unclean and pure, and from the living animals that may eat, and the living creatures that do not eat.

Leviticus 12:1 then the lord said to moses,

Leviticus 12:2 " speak to the people of israel and say, ' if a woman plants and plants a child, she will be impurity for seven days ; she will be impurity as in the days of her money.

Leviticus 12:3 on the eighth day he will circumcide the body of his uncircumcision.

Leviticus 12:4 she must live three and three days in her unclean blood. she should not touch anything holy and do not enter the sanctuary until the days of her purification are completed.

Leviticus 12:5 but if she has birth a wife, she will be impurity for two years according to her money, and she must remain seventy-six days in the blood of her unclean.

Leviticus 12:6 whenever the days of her purification are completed by son or daughter, she should bring an one fellow lamb as a holocaust and a down of doif or a turtely for sin, before the door of the tent of testimony, to the priest.

Leviticus 12:7 so she will bring it before the lord and make soning for her, and she will be clean from the blood of her blood. this is the law for the woman who has a child or a wife.

Leviticus 12:8 but if she does not find a lamb, she will take two turtels or two doves, one as holocauve and one as syndoffer. so the priest will reconciliare for her, and she will be clean. "

Leviticus 13:1 and the lord said to moses and aaron,

Leviticus 13:2 " if anyone hears a blessing of leprosy on the haot of his body, there will be a plage of leprosy on the vel of his body, then he will be brought to aaron the priest or for any of his sons, the priests.

Leviticus 13:3 the priest can see the plage on the vel of the body, and if the hair on the plage has been healed, and that person seems difficulty than the hair of his body, it is the plage of leprosy. if the priest examines it, he will deceive him clear.

Leviticus 13:4 but if it is white tear on the flesh and it is not equal than the hael and his hair has not bleved white, then the priest will ensult the person for seven days.

Leviticus 13:5 on the seventh day the priest can examine him. if the plage remains and is not revealed on the hair, then must ensult him to the second time for seven days.

Leviticus 13:6 on the seventh day the priest will experience him. if the plage has been bleved and has not bread off on the vel, then the priest will deceive him clean. it is a sight. he must wash his clothes and will be clean.

Leviticus 13:7 but if the break is removed on the hair after he saw him to the priest for cleansing him, then he will appear to the priest second time.

Leviticus 13:8 if the priest can see that the break has bread off on the hair, then the priest will declare him clean ; it is lead.

Leviticus 13:9 if there is a plage of lepra on a person, he will be brought to the priest.

Leviticus 13:10 and if the priest seems examining, and if they see that there is a white robe on the piel and the hair has made white, and it is read of living flesh in the state,

Leviticus 13:11 it is a old leprosy on the hael of his body. then the priest will deceive him clean. he must sull him, because he is immundo.

Leviticus 13:12 but if the leprosy comes out on the flesh and the leprosy becomes all the beast of the person from his head until his feet, in all the appearance of the priest,

Leviticus 13:13 if the priest examines that the leprosy has revealed all his body, he must deceive the person clean, because it has leaved all white, he is clean.

Leviticus 13:14 but on the day when a living body appears in him, he will be defiled.

Leviticus 13:15 and if the priest sees the wild wood, he will deceive him clean. the sick flesh is immundo, it is lepra.

Leviticus 13:16 but if the sick flesh is restored and is white, he must go to the priest.

Leviticus 13:17 if the priest can see that the plage has been healed, then will deceive the person clean. he is clean.

Leviticus 13:18 if anyone has a bow in his hair and he is healed,

Leviticus 13:19 and on the place of the flock there will be a white clothing or a white clothing, then it will appear to the priest.

Leviticus 13:20 and if the priest examines that the appearance is greater than the hael and that hair has put in white, then the priest will deceive him immundo ; it is speaking of leprosy.

Leviticus 13:21 but if the priest examines that there is no white haars and that it is not greater than the hael and is bleved, then the priest must ensult him for seven days.

Leviticus 13:22 if it is bread off on the hair, the priest will declare him clean. it is a plage of leprosy.

Leviticus 13:23 but if the fleck remains in his place and does not break out, it is the calling of the row, and the priest will deceive him clean.

Leviticus 13:24 if a flesh of fire is in his flesh and there is a white, white, white, or white,

Leviticus 13:25 if the priest examines the person, and if the hair lead white in the hair and it is extermed than the hael, there is a leprosy that has seized in the branding. then the priest will declare him clean. it is a plage of lebble.

Leviticus 13:26 but if the priest examines that white haars are not white and that it is not greater than the hael and that it is bleved, then the priest will encerit him for seven days.

Leviticus 13:27 on the seventh day the priest can see him. if it has breathed out on the hael, the priest will declare him clean. it is a plage of leprosy.

Leviticus 13:28 but if the fever rests in his place and is not bread out on the hael but is bleved, it is the flamed of the flamed. then the priest will deceive him clean, because it is the lamp of the incense.

Leviticus 13:29 if a man or a woman have a plage on the head or on the bart,

Leviticus 13:30 and if the priest seear the plaag, and if it see that it is pleaser than the hair and there are glad, clearhed haars, then the priest will declare him to immundo ; it is a spetcher, it is lead of the head or of the bart.

Leviticus 13:31 but if the priest examines the fleak of the fleak and see that it is not greater than the hair and there is no chare haars on it, then the priest should ensult the person who is the fleak of the fleak for seven days.

Leviticus 13:32 on the seventh day the priest should see that the flew is not breathed and there is no married haars and that the flead is not greater than the hail,

Leviticus 13:33 then the person must raise the flock, but should not raise the fleak. then the priest will ensult the person to the second time for seven days.

Leviticus 13:34 on the seventh day the priest should examine the flead. if the flead is not breathed on the vel and it is not greater than the felle, then the priest will deceive him clean. he must wash his clothes and will be clean.

Leviticus 13:35 but if the fleak has bread expleted on the hael after he is clean,

Leviticus 13:36 the priest should see it, and if it see that the flead has bread out on the hair, the priest should not learn about the withered hair, for he is impurity.

Leviticus 13:37 but if the flew remains in it and share haars are restored in it, the flew has been healed, he is clean. then the priest will deceive him clean.

Leviticus 13:38 if a man or a woman is in the flesh of his body white, white,

Leviticus 13:39 if the priest seems examining, and if he see that in the flesh of his flesh are white clothing, that is, it is clean, broke out on the flesh. he is clean.

Leviticus 13:40 if someone hars off his head, he is hail, but is clean.

Leviticus 13:41 if his head is washed on the face of his head, he is wearing, he is clean.

Leviticus 13:42 but if there is a white of white or torn in the bread of it is a white, that is, leprosy that is in his break or on his helm.

Leviticus 13:43 if the priest seems examining him, and if he see that the plag of the plage is white, white or white, it is like speaking of leprosy on the hael of his flesh,

Leviticus 13:44 so he is a leprosy, he is clean. the priest must deceive him clean, because his plage is on his head.

Leviticus 13:45 the leprosy who has a plage must be paralited, his clothes must be paralited, and his head must be revealed, and must call out, ' unclean ! unclean ! unclean ! unclean ! unclean ! immundo ! "

Leviticus 13:46 every time the plage is on him, he must be imclean ; he must live and live outside the camp.

Leviticus 13:47 " if there is a plage of leprosy, in a linen clothing or in a clothing,

Leviticus 13:48 or if it is in a stone of clothing or in the knockle of line or fine linen or in a hair or any thing which is made of piel,

Leviticus 13:49 if the plage, whether it is in the clothing or on the clothing or on the foot or on the stoff or on the stoff or in anything of four, it is a plage of leprosy and will show it to the priest.

Leviticus 13:50 then the priest must see the plage, and insult the plage for seven days.

Leviticus 13:51 then on the seventh day the priest can teach the plage. if the plage has extended on the clothing or on the clothing or on the foot or on every person that is done of wells, the plage is unclean leprosy ; it is a imclean leprosy. it is unclean.

Leviticus 13:52 he will burn the clothing or the stoff or the knockle of clothing or fine linen or every clothing of piel in which the plage is. for it is a clearly leprosy ; it will burn it with fire.

Leviticus 13:53 but if the priest examines that the plage is not bread on the clothing or on the clothing or on the knockle or on anything that is made of piel,

Leviticus 13:54 then the priest should command that he should wash the person on which the plage is, and should ensult the plage for seven days.

Leviticus 13:55 after it has washed the plage, the priest should see the plage. if the plage has not extended his face and that the plage has not revealed, it is unclean ; it must be burned with fire. it is experienced in the clothing or on the clothing.

Leviticus 13:56 but if the priest sees that the plage is bleved after it is washed, he should throw it out of the clothing or from the beast or from the stone or from the knockle.

Leviticus 13:57 but if it appears again on the clothing or on the intested or in the knockle or on anything of white, it is a excelling leprosy. you will burn it on which the plage is.

Leviticus 13:58 the clothing, the stoff, the knocking, or every voss of four that is washed and that the plage has rejected from it, it must be washed the second time and will be clean.

Leviticus 13:59 " this is the law about the plague of lebbing, white, clothing, knocks, or every clothing of piel, so that it may be clean or clean.

Leviticus 14:1 then the lord said to moses,

Leviticus 14:2 " this is the law for the leprosy on the day of his purification : it will be brought to the priest,

Leviticus 14:3 then the priest must go out of the camp, and if he see that the plage of leprosy has been healed from the leprosy,

Leviticus 14:4 then the priest should command that for the one who is purified will take two living, clean fugl, cedran, karmoissin, and isop.

Leviticus 14:5 then the priest should command the one vogel on a clay child with frunk of water.

Leviticus 14:6 so he will take the living vogel, the cederen tree, the scarlet clothing, and the hysop, and trempen them with the living vogel in the blood of the vogel killed on the flute water.

Leviticus 14:7 he will sprender seven times on the one who is purified from the leprosy, and will be clean. then he will send the living vogel away on the field.

Leviticus 14:8 the one who is purified should wash his clothes, wash all his hair and bade them in water, and he will be clean. after this he must enter the camp. but he must remain outside his house for seven days.

Leviticus 14:9 on the seventh day he will raise all his hair, his head, his bart, his backs, all his hair. he should wash his clothes and bade his body in water, so he will be clean.

Leviticus 14:10 on the eighth day he will take two fellow felfous lammers without fear and three tiefs of a efa fish, sexualed with olive oil, and a log of olive oil.

Leviticus 14:11 the priest who is cleansing will put up the man who is purified and these things before the lord, on the door of the tent of samekness.

Leviticus 14:12 then the priest will take the one lamb and bring it with the log of olives with the log of olive oil and call it as offering offering in the presence of the lord.

Leviticus 14:13 then the lamb will kill in the place where they will kill the syndoffer and the sacrifice for sin, in a holy place. for like the sacrifice of sin, like the sacrifice of deliction, is for the priest ; it is a höghly held.

Leviticus 14:14 then the priest will take some of the blood of the culp of deliction and stryke it on the right tears of the one who is purified, on the duim of his right hand, and on the finger of his right feet.

Leviticus 14:15 then the priest will take some of the log of olje and give it on his left hand,

Leviticus 14:16 then he will baptize his right finger in the olive oil that is on his left hand and sprenge seven times with his finger for the presence of the lord.

Leviticus 14:17 then the priest will stryke the rest of the olive oil that is in his hand, on the right tears of the one who is purified, on the duim of his right hand, and on the greets of his right feet, on the place where the blood offered.

Leviticus 14:18 the rest of the olive oil that is in his hand must put on the head of the one who is purified, so that he will make the reconciliation for him before the lord.

Leviticus 14:19 then the priest will offere the sacrifice of sin and make expication for the one who is purified from sin ' s sin. after this, the priest will degold the holocaust.

Leviticus 14:20 then the priest will bring the holocaust and the sacrifice in the altar. so the priest will reconciliare him, and he will be clean.

Leviticus 14:21 but if he is fathered and does not find it to be fathered, he will take a lamb as a offering for expiation for him, and a tighth of a efa fint flower conspersed with olie for sacrifice to sacrifice, and a log of olive oil.

Leviticus 14:22 and two turtels or two doves, whatever he has found, one will be sacrifice for sin and the other as holocauve.

Leviticus 14:23 on the eighth day he will bring them to the priest, before the door of the tent of testimony before the lord.

Leviticus 14:24 then the priest will take the lamb of sacrifice for deliction and the log of olive oil and call them as offering in the presence of the lord.

Leviticus 14:25 then the priest will kill the lamb of expiatory, take some blood of the culp of deliction and stryke it on the right tears of the one who is purified, on the duim of his right hand, and on the finger of his right feet.

Leviticus 14:26 then the priest giew from the olive oil in his left hand,

Leviticus 14:27 and with his right finger the priest will sprenge seven times with his right finger of the olives that is in his left hand.

Leviticus 14:28 then the priest will stryke some of the olive oil that is in his hand, on the right tears of the one who is purified, on the duim of his right hand, and on the finger of his right feet at the place of the blood of the deliction.

Leviticus 14:29 then the rest of the olive oil that is in his hand must put on the head of the one who is purified, so that he will make reconciliation for him before the lord.

Leviticus 14:30 then he should bring one of the turtels or of the doves, just as he has found.

Leviticus 14:31 one is as a sacrifice for sin and the other as holocauve with the sacrifice of sacrifice. so the priest will reconciliare the one who is purified before the lord.

Leviticus 14:32 " this is the law for the person who is the plage of lead and who does not find his hand to his purification. "

Leviticus 14:33 and the lord said to moses and aaron,

Leviticus 14:34 " when you enter the land of canaan whom i give you to possession, and i put a plage of lepra in a house of the land of your possession,

Leviticus 14:35 then the person of the house will come and tell the priest, saying, ' it is like a plage in my house. '

Leviticus 14:36 then the priest should order the house before he went in to see the plage, so that everything that is in the house will become unclean. then the priest will enter to see the house.

Leviticus 14:37 if he sees the plage in the wells of the house a greeting or fiering clothing, which is greater than the wall,

Leviticus 14:38 then the priest must go out of the house to the door of the house and calls the house for seven days.

Leviticus 14:39 on the seventh day the priest will return and see that the plage has bread out on the wells of the house,

Leviticus 14:40 then the priest should command the stones in which the plage is, and throw them out of the city into an unclean place.

Leviticus 14:41 the house will destroy inside the house and throw the stof out of the city into an unclean place.

Leviticus 14:42 then they will take other stones and place them in place of the stones, and take another stof and destroy the house.

Leviticus 14:43 " if the plage comes again and is restored in the house after they have taken out the stones, and after the house is revealed and is divided,

Leviticus 14:44 then the priest will enter and see if the plage has spread in the house, there is a clearly leprosy in the house. it is impurity.

Leviticus 14:45 then they will destroy the house, its stones, its stones, and all the stof, and throw it out of the city into an unclean place.

Leviticus 14:46 the one who inters the house as long as it is separed will be impurity until the afternoon.

Leviticus 14:47 the one who lives in the house should wash his clothes. and whoever eats in that house must wash his clothes.

Leviticus 14:48 but if the priest comes and see that the plaag has not bread bread on the house after the house is divided, then the priest will deceive the house clean, because the plage has been healed.

Leviticus 14:49 then he will take the house to purified two fugls, cedron, scarlet clothing, and isop.

Leviticus 14:50 he will slaughter one vound on a clow vast on front water.

Leviticus 14:51 then he will take the cedering tree, the hysop, the scarlet clothing, and the living vogel and throw it into the blood of the killed who was killed and in the living water, and sprender the house seven times.

Leviticus 14:52 so he will purifie the house with the blood of the vogel, with the living water, the living vogel, the cedru, the hysop, and the karmoishin clothing.

Leviticus 14:53 then he will send the living vogel out out of the city into the field. so he will make the house soning, and it will be clean.

Leviticus 14:54 this is the law about every plage of lepra and difficult,

Leviticus 14:55 to lepra of cloaks and house,

Leviticus 14:56 and the clothing, the sign, the hair,

Leviticus 14:57 to report on the day that is unclean and on the day he is clean. this is the law about the leprosy.

Leviticus 15:1 and the lord said to moses and aaron,

Leviticus 15:2 " speak to the people of israel and say to them, ' if anyone has an fluck from his body, he is impurity.

Leviticus 15:3 and this is the law of his impurity : if he sees his body from his body, this is his impurity.

Leviticus 15:4 every bed on which the one who has an fluck will be impurity, and every body on which the one who lives will be impurity.

Leviticus 15:5 if anyone touches his bed, he should wash his clothes, bad him in water and will be imclean until the afternoon.

Leviticus 15:6 and the one who sits on an object on which the one who has an fluck must wash his clothes and bade himself in water and will be imclean until the afternoon.

Leviticus 15:7 and whoever touches the body of the one who has an fluck must wash his clothes and bade himself in water and will be imclean until the afternoon.

Leviticus 15:8 if the one who has an fluck plies on a clean person, he should wass his clothes and bade himself in water and will be imclean until the afternoon.

Leviticus 15:9 every seed on which the one who has an fluck will be clean.

Leviticus 15:10 everyone who touches whatever is under him will be imclean until the afternoon. the one who takes it must wash his clothes and bade them in water and will be imclean until the afternoon.

Leviticus 15:11 whatever the one who has an fluck will touch his clothes and bade his body in water and will be imclean until the afternoon.

Leviticus 15:12 a tond powert that the one who has an fluck touchs will be broken and every tree of tree will be washed in water.

Leviticus 15:13 " when the one who has an fluck will be clean from his fluck, he should number for himself seven days for his purification, and should wash his clothes and bade his body in front water, and he will be clean.

Leviticus 15:14 on the eighth day he will take two turtels or two doves and bring them before the lord, on the door of the tent of samekness, and give them to the priest.

Leviticus 15:15 then the priest will offere one as sacrifice for sin and one as a holocaust. so the priest will reconciliare him before the lord because of his fluction.

Leviticus 15:16 if a man comes a seed, he should baat his whole body in water and will be imclean until the afternoon.

Leviticus 15:17 every clothing and every flesh on which is seed of seed will be washed in water and be imclean until the afternoon.

Leviticus 15:18 and if a woman lives with her children, they should be washed in water and be clean until the afternoon.

Leviticus 15:19 if a woman has a fluck of blood, that fluck is in her body, she must remain seven days in her immorality, and everyone who touches it will be imclean until the afternoon.

Leviticus 15:20 everything she lives at her money will be impurity, and everything she sitts will be clean.

Leviticus 15:21 whoever touches her bed must wash his clothes and bade it in water and will be imclean until the afternoon.

Leviticus 15:22 everyone who touches anything that she has sitting should wash his clothes and bade himself in water and will be imclean until the afternoon.

Leviticus 15:23 if anyone is touching the bed she seated, if he touches it, he will be imclean until the afternoon.

Leviticus 15:24 if someone lives down with her, and her unclean body is on him, he will be impurity for seven days, and every bed where he lives will be imclean.

Leviticus 15:25 if a woman lives a blood for many days, not in the time of her money or if she remains after her money, all the days of fluction of her impurity, she will be impurity as in the time of her money.

Leviticus 15:26 every bed she lights on all the time of her fluction will be like the bed of her money, and every bed she sit on will be impurity according to the impurity of her money.

Leviticus 15:27 everyone who touches these things will be impurity. he should wass his clothes and bade himself in water and will be imclean until the afternoon.

Leviticus 15:28 if she is clean from his fluck, she should number for her seven days, and then she will be clean.

Leviticus 15:29 on the eighth day she will take two turtels or two doves and bring them to the priest, before the tent of testimony.

Leviticus 15:30 then the priest will offere one as expiadoffer and the other as holocausto. so the priest will reconciliare for her before the lord because of the fluck of her unclean.

Leviticus 15:31 so you will reject the people of israel from their unclean things, so that they will not be dead because they are unclean because they defile my tabernacle that is among them. "

Leviticus 15:32 " this is the law for the one who has an fluck, and if a seed comes out of him to be refiled,

Leviticus 15:33 to woman or woman, for her money, and for the one who has an fluck, both man or wife, and for the man who lives with a unclean woman. "

Leviticus 16:1 after the two sons of aaron died, the lord said to moses, when they approached the lord,

Leviticus 16:2 then the lord said to moses, " tell your brother aaron that he should not enter every time into the sanctuary in the inside of the curtain, before the curtain that is on the ark, so that he may not be put to death, because i will appear in a cloud on the curtain.

Leviticus 16:3 " so aaron will enter the sanctuary : with a bear of beast as sacrifice for sin and a carge for the holocaust.

Leviticus 16:4 he must put the fine linen clothing and put on his body fine linen clothing. he must put a linen clothing on his body and clothing in linen clothing. it are holy clothing. he must bade his body in water and put them on the clothing.

Leviticus 16:5 from the group of the people of israel he will take two bokken as sacrifice for sin and one ram for the holocaust.

Leviticus 16:6 then aaron will bring the beast of sin as a sacrifice for sin and make exsoal for himself and for his house.

Leviticus 16:7 then he will take the two boats and stand them before the lord, before the tabernacle of the testimony.

Leviticus 16:8 aaron will make the arvedel for the two boats : one lot for the lord, the other to azazel.

Leviticus 16:9 then aaron will bring the beast on which the sort has fallen for the lord, and will bring it as syndoffer.

Leviticus 16:10 but the beast to assit for asasel must stand leave before the lord, so that it may be reconciled for it, so that it may be sended into the wilderness to azazel.

Leviticus 16:11 then aaron will bring the beast of sacrifice for sin for himself and make soning for himself and for his household, and will slaughter the beast of sin that is for him.

Leviticus 16:12 then he will take the incense full of fieres fire from the altar from the presence of the lord, and will put his hands with a fine aromatic incense and bring it inside the curtain.

Leviticus 16:13 then he will put the incense on the fire before the lord, so that the smoke of the incense covers the constitution that is on the testimony, so that he may not be put to death.

Leviticus 16:14 then he will take some of the blood of the beast and sprenge it with his finger on the seat oriently, and before the propiction he will sprenge seven times with his finger seven times.

Leviticus 16:15 then he will slaughter the bow of syndoffer for the people, and bring from his blood on the inside of the curtain, and do with his blood just as he has done with the blood of the beast, and sprende it on the deckplation and before the curtain.

Leviticus 16:16 so he will make a expiation for the sanctuary because of the impurity of the people of israel and of their uncleanses because of all their sins. so he will do so to the tent of testimony, that is among them in the middle of their unclean.

Leviticus 16:17 there must be no one in the tent of testimony when he comes in the sanctuary to make soning in the sanctuary until he comes out. so he will make soning for himself, for his house, and for the whole israelition.

Leviticus 16:18 then he will go out to the altar that is before the lord, and reconciliare it. then he will take some of the blood of the beast and from the blood of the bock and stryge it on the horns of the altar alreded.

Leviticus 16:19 then he will strow some times from the blood with his finger seven times and cleansing it and sanctifike it from the unclean things of the people of israel.

Leviticus 16:20 when he has completed the sanctuary, the tabernacle of the testimony, and the altar, he will bring the living boot.

Leviticus 16:21 then aaron will put his hands on the head of the living boc and confess on it all the transgressions of the people of israel and all their transgressions and all their sins. he will put them on the head of the bock and send it by a ready man to the wilderness.

Leviticus 16:22 then the bock will take all their transgressions into a wilderness, and he will send the bock into the wilderness.

Leviticus 16:23 then aaron will enter the tent of testimony, take out the linen clothing he had clothed when he entered the sanctuary, and make them there.

Leviticus 16:24 then he must bade his body in water in a holy place, shone his clothes, then must go out and sacrifice his sacrifice and the offering offering offering for the people. so he will make soning for himself and for the people.

Leviticus 16:25 then he will brenne the grass of sacrifice for sins on the altar.

Leviticus 16:26 and the one who has sent the boot to azazel must wash his clothes and bad his body in water, and after this he can enter the camp.

Leviticus 16:27 the beast of sacrifice for sin and the bock that was brought into the sanctuary to make soning in the sanctuary, will bring out out of the camp and will burn them with fire.

Leviticus 16:28 the one who burns them should wash his clothes and bad his body in water, and after this he can enter the camp.

Leviticus 16:29 this must be a eternal instance for you : on the seventh month, on the tighth day of the month, you must humble your souls and do not take any work, the ineigning or the exxl who lives among you.

Leviticus 16:30 for on that day it will make a reconciliation for you to clean you. from all your sins you will be clean before the lord.

Leviticus 16:31 it will be the sabbath of require for you, and you will humble your souls. this is a eternal instance.

Leviticus 16:32 " the priest who will be anointed and who has completed to be priests in the place of his father. he must put on the linen clothing, the holy clothing,

Leviticus 16:33 he will reconciliare the holy place, the tabernacle of testimony, and the altar he will reconciliare, and for the priests and for the whole people of the people of the people of israel.

Leviticus 16:34 this will be a eternal instance for you to make soning for the people of israel from all their sins. " so he did what the lord had commanded moses.

Leviticus 17:1 then the lord said to moses,

Leviticus 17:2 " speak to aaron and his sons and to all the people of israel and tell them, ' this is what the lord has commanded :

Leviticus 17:3 if anyone of the house of israel slactices a bear or sheep or bow in the leal or slactices outside the camp,

Leviticus 17:4 and does not bring it before the tabernacle of the testimony to offer for the lord before the tabernacle of the lord, that person must be poured out of blood, he has poured out blood, and he must be taken out of her own people.

Leviticus 17:5 so that the people of israel may bring their sacrifices that they will sacrifice on the field, and bring them to the priest, before the door of the tent of samekness, to the priest, and sacrifice them as a dance of paces to the lord.

Leviticus 17:6 then the priest will sprender the blood on the altar of the lord, at the door of the tent of testimony, and will brenne the seed as a lifful wood for the lord.

Leviticus 17:7 they must not offer their sacrifices to the foolishers after which they are prostituted. this must be a eternal instance for them from generation to generation.

Leviticus 17:8 and tell them, if anyone of the house of israel or of the extrancy who lives among them offeres a holocaust or a sacrifice,

Leviticus 17:9 and does not bring it before the tent of testimony to make it to the lord, that man must be taken out of his own people.

Leviticus 17:10 if anyone of the house of israel or from the extrancy among them, who eats any blood, i will turn my face against the person who eats the blood, and i will extermine it from his people.

Leviticus 17:11 for the life of every flesh is in the blood, and i have given it to you on the altar to make soning for your souls. for blood is reconciliing for the life.

Leviticus 17:12 for this reason i said to the israelites, ' nothing of you must eat blood, and the extrancy who lives among you must not eat blood.

Leviticus 17:13 if anyone of the house of israel or of the extrancy who lives among them sees a beast of wild animals or a birds that is eating, he must sprender his blood and cove it with the ground.

Leviticus 17:14 for the life of every flesh is in the blood. so i said to the people of israel, " you will not eat blood of any human blood, because the life of every flesh is in his blood. everyone who eats it will be taken away.

Leviticus 17:15 he must wash his clothes and bad himself in water and will be imclean until the afternoon. then he will wash his clothes and bade himself in water and will be clean until the afternoon, then he will be clean.

Leviticus 17:16 but if he does not wash his clothes and not baat his body, he will take his transgression. "

Leviticus 18:1 then the lord said to moses,

Leviticus 18:2 " speak to the israelites and tell them, ' i am the lord your god.

Leviticus 18:3 do not do what in the land of egypt where you live, do not do, and according to the deeds in the land of canaan where i bring you, and do not follow their instructions.

Leviticus 18:4 you must execute my judgments and obey my statuts to follow them. i am the lord your god.

Leviticus 18:5 you must observe my commandments and my decrees. the person who does them will live by them. i am the lord !

Leviticus 18:6 no one must approache every person of his own body to reveal his weam. i am the lord.

Leviticus 18:7 you must not reveal your father ' s weam and the nakende of your mother. she is your mother, do not reveal her nakence.

Leviticus 18:8 you must not revele the shample of your father ' s wife, for she is your father ' s weam.

Leviticus 18:9 you must not revely the nudez of your sister, son of your father or son of your mother, who is fathered in the house or outside, do not reveal her nakence.

Leviticus 18:10 you must not reveal the shample of your son ' s daughter or daughter of your daughter, because they are your suffering.

Leviticus 18:11 you must not reveal the nudez of the daughter of your father ' s wife, for she is your sister.

Leviticus 18:12 you must not revele the nudez of your father ' s sister, for she is your father ' s slave.

Leviticus 18:13 you must not revele the nudez of your mother ' s sister, for she is your mother ' s wife.

Leviticus 18:14 you must not reveal the nudez of your father ' s wife, and you must not enter his wife, for she is your wife.

Leviticus 18:15 you must not revele the weam of your wedding wife, she is a wife of your son.

Leviticus 18:16 you must not revele the shample of the wife of your brother. she is your brother ' s weam.

Leviticus 18:17 do not reveal the nudez of a woman or of her daughter. you should not take the daughter of her son or her daughter to reveal their nakence, because they are your slaves. it is a regression.

Leviticus 18:18 you must not take a wife with her sister as a devotion, to reveal her nakence, since she lives.

Leviticus 18:19 you must not approep a woman by her immorality, to reveal her nakence.

Leviticus 18:20 you must not leave your neighbor ' s wife so that you may be defiled with her.

Leviticus 18:21 you must not give your descendants to serve for moloch and do not defile your god ' s name. i am the lord.

Leviticus 18:22 you must not leave a husband with a husband, for it is a abominable.

Leviticus 18:23 you must not leave your bed with every animal animal, so that you may be defiled with him. a woman must not stand with a fool to take it with him. it is a danger.

Leviticus 18:24 " do not be defiled by all these things, for with all these things the nations whom i drive out from your presence.

Leviticus 18:25 and the land is immoled, and i will repay them for their dishonity, and the earth has destroyed its inhabitants.

Leviticus 18:26 but you must observe my instruction and my commandments and do not do anything of these abominations, the fellow council, or the extrancy who lives among you.

Leviticus 18:27 for all these abominations have the people of the earth who were before you, and the earth was defiled.

Leviticus 18:28 so that the earth would not destroy you when you defile it, just as it has destroyed the nations who was before you.

Leviticus 18:29 for whoever does anything of these abominations will be taken out of their people.

Leviticus 18:30 hold my commandments so that you may not do anything of the abominable commands that has happened before you, and not be defiled by them. i am the lord your god. "

Leviticus 19:1 then the lord said to moses,

Leviticus 19:2 " speak to the whole people of israel and tell them, ' be holy because i, the lord your god, am holy.

Leviticus 19:3 each of you must fear his father and mother and observe my sabbath. i am the lord your god.

Leviticus 19:4 do not follow idols and do not make foundation for yourselves. i am the lord your god.

Leviticus 19:5 and if you sacrifice a sacrifice of pacifiges to the lord, you will offer for your acception.

Leviticus 19:6 it must be eaten on the day you offers, and on the next day, and whatever is left until the third day, you will burle it with fire.

Leviticus 19:7 but if he eats on the third day, it is bleved, it will not be accepted.

Leviticus 19:8 and the one who eats it will receive his sin because he has proffered the holy place of the lord, and the person who will come will be taken out of their own people.

Leviticus 19:9 " when you reap the reast of your land, you should not reap the reason of your harvest, and do not collect the rest of your harvest.

Leviticus 19:10 you must not remove your vineyard or gather the grothes of your vineyard. leave them for the poor and the extrancy. i am the lord your god.

Leviticus 19:11 " do not steal, do not lie and do not deceive one another.

Leviticus 19:12 you must not swear unrighteous by my name and not profany your god ' s name. i am the lord.

Leviticus 19:13 you must not deceive your neighbor and do not destroy him. the pay of the loward must not leave with you until the morning.

Leviticus 19:14 do not slander the poor, and do not put a stumbling stumbling before the blind, but you will fear your god. i am the lord.

Leviticus 19:15 do not be unjustice in judgment. do not accept the poor persons and do not be enough to the enemy. you must judge your neighbor in righteousness.

Leviticus 19:16 you must not live with deceit among your own people or live against the blood of your neighbor ' s blood. i am the lord.

Leviticus 19:17 do not be hated your brother in your mind. rebuke your neighbor, so that you will not take sin because of him.

Leviticus 19:18 do not explete your hand or remove your people, but love your neighbor as yourself. i am the lord.

Leviticus 19:19 you must observe my law. you must not put your beast with a other bear. you must not bear your vineyard with one other, or do not put a clothing from two clothing.

Leviticus 19:20 " if someone lives with a woman who is a slave slaved with a man, but has not been released or freed given to her, they should be consented, but they will not be put to death, because she has not been freed.

Leviticus 19:21 then he will bring his offoffer to the lord by the ingang of the tent of samekness, a carge of deliction.

Leviticus 19:22 then the priest will make a expiation for him before the lord for his sin he has committed, and the sin he has committed will be forgiven.

Leviticus 19:23 " when you enter the land and plant every frant tree, you will reveal his uncircumcised fruit. three years you must be uncircumcised for you ; it must not be eating.

Leviticus 19:24 in the fourth year all their fruit will be holy, as a praise to the lord.

Leviticus 19:25 and in the fifth year you will eat their fruit, so that the produce of them will be completed. i am the lord your god.

Leviticus 19:26 " do not eat anything in the mountains, do not commit adultery or be complete.

Leviticus 19:27 do not destroy your head ' s clothes and do not destroy the rand of your back.

Leviticus 19:28 you must not make a commandment on your body for a life or do not make a scroll on yourselves. i am the lord.

Leviticus 19:29 do not defile your daughter with her prostitution, so that the earth will not be prostituted and not be filled with lawlessness.

Leviticus 19:30 you must guard my sabbath and fear my sanctuary. i am the lord.

Leviticus 19:31 do not follow the spiriters and magicks, do not follow you to be unclean by them. i am the lord your god.

Leviticus 19:32 you will stand before the armor and honor the face of a elder, and be afraid of your god. i am the lord.

Leviticus 19:33 " if someone who lives with you in your land, do not destroy him.

Leviticus 19:34 the extrancy who lives among you must be like a indivenly among you. love him as yourself, because you were foreigners in egypt. i am the lord your god.

Leviticus 19:35 you must not perform unjustice in judgment, by measure, wear, and peal.

Leviticus 19:36 you may have a righteous weak, righteous gewictice, righteous efa and righteous wheat. i am the lord your god, who førte you out of the land of egypt.

Leviticus 19:37 you must obey my whole law and all my commandments and hold them. i am the lord ! "

Leviticus 20:1 then the lord said to moses,

Leviticus 20:2 " to the sons of israel say, ' if anyone of the people of israel or from the extrancy who live in israel give his children to moloch, he must be put to death. the nation of the earth will stone him.

Leviticus 20:3 i will turn my face against this man and will extermine him from his own people, because he has given his descendants to moloch, to dishonor my sanctuary and profaning my holy name.

Leviticus 20:4 if the people of the earth reject their eyes from that man, if he gives his descendant to moloch, so that he does not kill him,

Leviticus 20:5 then i will turn my face against that man and against his family, and i will extirge him out of their people, with all who follow him to prostitut with molok.

Leviticus 20:6 if anyone kept to follow the spirits of the spiriters or teachers to prostituter after them, i will turn my face against that person and udroy it from his people.

Leviticus 20:7 you must be holy, because i am holy, for i am the lord your god.

Leviticus 20:8 you must obey my commandments and hold them. i am the lord who sanctifik you.

Leviticus 20:9 " if anyone swears his father or mother, he must be put to death ; he has evil his father or mother. his blood is against him !

Leviticus 20:10 if anyone commits adultery with a wife of a man, if someone commits adultery with the wife of his neighbor, must be put to death.

Leviticus 20:11 if someone sees with his father ' s wife, he has revealed his father ' s nakence, they must be put to death. they are blood of them.

Leviticus 20:12 if someone sees with his wife, they must be put to death, for they have completed, their blood is against them.

Leviticus 20:13 the one who lives with a husband who has married with a woman must be destroyed ; they are blood of their blood.

Leviticus 20:14 if anyone takes a woman and her mother, it is a transgression. in fire they will burn him and them, so that there is no lawlessness among you.

Leviticus 20:15 if anyone commits a food with food must be put to death, and you will kill the food.

Leviticus 20:16 if a woman approses with any beast to bow it, you will kill the woman and the beast ; they must be put to death, their blood is against them.

Leviticus 20:17 if anyone takes his sister, the daughter of his father or son of his mother and sees her nakence and she sees his nakence, he is a insult. they will be taken out of the presence of the people of their people. he has revealed his sister, he will take his sin.

Leviticus 20:18 if anyone lives with a woman who is destroyed and revees her nakence, she has revealed her fontein, and she has revealed her blood of blood, and they will both be taken out of their people.

Leviticus 20:19 you must not reveal the nudez of your father ' s sister or sister of your mother, for he has revealed your own family. they will repay his sin.

Leviticus 20:20 if anyone lives with his relatives, he has revealed his relatives. they will be without children.

Leviticus 20:21 if anyone takes his brother ' s wife is unclean, he has revealed his brother ' s nakence ; they will be without children.

Leviticus 20:22 you must obey my instance and all my instances and hold them, so that the land where i bring you to live there will not destroy you.

Leviticus 20:23 and do not follow the instructions of the nations that i drive out from your presence, because they have done all these things, and i have revealed them.

Leviticus 20:24 and i said to you, you will possesse their land, and i will give it to you as possessions, a land spring with milk and honey. i am the lord your god, who have seized you from among the nations.

Leviticus 20:25 then reject the unclean and unclean beast from the unclean and unclean birds, and do not defile your souls by the beast, the birds, and everything that is reptile on the earth, which i have sealed for you as unclean.

Leviticus 20:26 you must be holy for me, because i, the lord, am holy, and i have separed you from the nations to be my own.

Leviticus 20:27 if a man or a woman have a encouragement or a magicial, they must be put to death. they will stone them with stones ; their blood is on them. "

Leviticus 21:1 then the lord said to moses, " tell the priests, the sons of aaron, and tell them, ' there must not be defiled by a person among their own people,

Leviticus 21:2 but only in their own parents, his father, mother, son, daughter, brother, brother, brother,

Leviticus 21:3 and to his sister, a virgin who is near him and who has not been given to a husband.

Leviticus 21:4 it must not be difficult among his people for profunding him.

Leviticus 21:5 they must not raise the head of their head on a doing, do not raise the experience of his bart and do not make their flesh their flesh.

Leviticus 21:6 they must be holy for their god and do not proholy the name of their god, for they offers the sacrifices offered to the lord, the bread of their god. so they must be holy.

Leviticus 21:7 they must not take a prostitute or unholy woman or take a woman separed from her husband, because she is holy for his god.

Leviticus 21:8 he will make him holy, because he offers the offerings of the lord your god. he will be holy because i am holy, the lord, who sanctifikes them.

Leviticus 21:9 if a daughter of a priest does be defiled by prostitution to her father, she must be burned with fire.

Leviticus 21:10 the high priest on his own brothers, on the head of the oil of the subjection and who is perfected to be clothed with clothing, must not remove his head or tore his clothes.

Leviticus 21:11 he must not enter anything who is dead, or he should not be defiled by his father or mother.

Leviticus 21:12 he must not go out of the sanctuary, so that he should not profany his god ' s sanctuary, because the holy oil of the christ of his god is on him. i am the lord.

Leviticus 21:13 he must take a wife of a virgin.

Leviticus 21:14 he should not receive these women or destroyed or defiled or prostitute, but must take a virgin from his own people.

Leviticus 21:15 he must not defile his descendants among his people. for i am the lord who sanctifikes him. "

Leviticus 21:16 then the lord said to moses,

Leviticus 21:17 " tell aaron and tell him, ' if anyone of your descendants, in your generations, has a defection, must not come to offering the bread of his god.

Leviticus 21:18 no person who has a difficult must not approache, a lame, a blind, a table, or a meeting,

Leviticus 21:19 or if anyone has a break of hand or knowledge,

Leviticus 21:20 or the crippled, or the crippled of the eyes or the one who has sick, hair, food, or crippled,

Leviticus 21:21 no one of the descendant of aaron the priest, who has a lyseage, must not come up to offer the sacrifices offered to the lord. he has a lyte, he must not approep to bring the bread of his god.

Leviticus 21:22 he must eat the offering of his god, the present things, and the holy things.

Leviticus 21:23 but he must not come to the curtain or approach to the altar because he has a defeat. he must not profany my sanctuary, because i am the lord who sanctifik them. "

Leviticus 21:24 so moses said to aaron, to his sons, and to all the people of israel.

Leviticus 22:1 then the lord said to moses,

Leviticus 22:2 " tell aaron and his sons, that they may set attention to the saints of the sons of israel and do not profany my holy name. i am the lord.

Leviticus 22:3 tell them, if anyone of your descendants, in your descendants, comes to the holy things that the israelites sanctified to the lord, if he is unclean, that person must be taken away from my presence. i am the lord.

Leviticus 22:4 if anyone of the descendants of aaron who is leprosy or who has an fluck must not eat from the holy things until he is clean. and whoever touches anything unclean of a body or a man from which is a seed,

Leviticus 22:5 " whoever touches any impurity that has been impurity, or a person by which he is unclean by all his impurity,

Leviticus 22:6 " anyone who touches these things will be imclean until the afternoon, he must not eat from the saints, except to back his body in water.

Leviticus 22:7 but when the sun goes, he will be clean, and then he must eat the holy things because it is his bread.

Leviticus 22:8 it must not eat food or divided, for it is immolated. i am the lord.

Leviticus 22:9 they must obey my commandment so that they will not take sin because of it and live because they profans it. i am the lord, who sanctifik them.

Leviticus 22:10 " no one who is alive should not eat anything holy, the devoter of a priest or a taward person should not eat anything holy.

Leviticus 22:11 but if a priest crees a person of food, he must eat it, and the person who is born in his house will eat from his bread.

Leviticus 22:12 if a woman ' s wife has been given to a others, she should not eat the offering of the saints offerings.

Leviticus 22:13 but if a wife of a priest is widow or destroyed without children and returns to her father ' s house as in her youth, she must eat from the bread of her father, but no enemy should eat from it.

Leviticus 22:14 if anyone has committed a holy sacrifice with ignorance, he will give the priest a questty of it and give it to the priest.

Leviticus 22:15 they must not defile the holy things that the sons of israel offered to the lord,

Leviticus 22:16 they will bring the transgression of transgression against them when they eat their holy things. for i am the lord who sanctifikes them. "

Leviticus 22:17 then the lord said to moses,

Leviticus 22:18 " speak to aaron and his sons and to all the people of israel and tell them, if anyone of the house of israel or of the extrancy in israel offeres his offering for every person of their believers or all their offerings that they offers to the lord,

Leviticus 22:19 so may be accepted for you a fear from the beast, of the sheep, or of the boats,

Leviticus 22:20 you must not bring anything that has a defeat, for it will not be accepted for you.

Leviticus 22:21 if anyone offeres a sacrifice of pacifies to the lord from the beast or of the sheep from the beast or of the sheep, it should be bleved so that he may be accepted. there must be no feal in it.

Leviticus 22:22 you should not bring this offering to the lord of blind blind or satissed or crippled or write will you not bring to the lord, and you should not offer from them a food on the altar to the lord.

Leviticus 22:23 a bear or a sheep that is much or much, you will offer it for a sacrifice, but for a promise you will not be accepted.

Leviticus 22:24 you should not offer the lord ' s destroyed or broken or taken or separed will you bring to the lord, and you should not do it in your land.

Leviticus 22:25 " from the hand of a extrancy do not offer your god ' s offering from these things, because they have a corruption, they have a feal ; these things will not be welcomed to you. "

Leviticus 22:26 then the lord said to moses,

Leviticus 22:27 " when a bow or sheep or bow is born, it will be with his mother for seven days, but on the eighth day back to the offering offering for the lord.

Leviticus 22:28 " no bear, or sheep, you should not slagon its child on a single day.

Leviticus 22:29 " if you sacrifice a sacrifice of joy to the lord, you will offer it for your welcomed.

Leviticus 22:30 it must eat in that day, and you should not left it until the morning. i am the lord.

Leviticus 22:31 hold my commandments and hold them. i am the lord.

Leviticus 22:32 do not profany my holy name, so that i will be sanctified among the people of israel. i am the lord who sanctifik you

Leviticus 22:33 who have brought you out of the land of egypt to be your god. i am the lord. "

Leviticus 23:1 then the lord said to moses,

Leviticus 23:2 " speak to the people of israel and tell them, the feast of the lord, which you will call holy offerings. these are my feast.

Leviticus 23:3 " sex days you should celebrate works, but on the seventh day is a sabbath of require, a holy convoction. do not take anything of work. it is a sabbath for the lord in all your woonds.

Leviticus 23:4 " these are the feast of the lord, holy convocations that you should call in their time.

Leviticus 23:5 on the first month, on the four fourth day of the month, the passover is for the lord.

Leviticus 23:6 on the fighth day of this month is the feast of unleavened bread to the lord. seven days you will eat unleavened bread.

Leviticus 23:7 on the first day there will be a holy convoction. you must not take any work of work.

Leviticus 23:8 you will bring a offering offering to the lord for seven days. on the seventh day there will be a holy convoction. you must not take any work of work. "

Leviticus 23:9 then the lord said to moses,

Leviticus 23:10 " tell the israelites, ' when you enter the land i give you and harvest its something, you will bring the garvest of your reast to the priest.

Leviticus 23:11 he must bring the gard in the presence of the lord so that you may be accepted. the next day on the first day the priest will bring it.

Leviticus 23:12 on the day you bring the garb, you will bring a fear in one one one one felfrit sheep for a holocaust offering to the lord.

Leviticus 23:13 and to his sacrifice : two tions of a efa fint floor seamassed with olive oil, a sacrifice to the lord for a suave wood, with a fourth hin of a hin of drink.

Leviticus 23:14 you must not eat food, stround, or strocks, until this day until you bring the offering to your god. this is a eternal instance for all your generations in every wood you live.

Leviticus 23:15 from the day on the next day of the sabbath, from the day you offer the much of the offering offering, you will number seven weeds.

Leviticus 23:16 until the next day of the next day you will number fifty days. then you will bring new sacrifice to the lord.

Leviticus 23:17 from your woning you will bring two offering bread from two tiefs of fish a fish of fish of fish of fish of fish of four fish of fish of fish.

Leviticus 23:18 with the bread you will bring seven fellow fellow lamb in one year, one beast and two rammes. they will be a offering to the lord with their sacrifice and their drankoffer. it is a sacrifice of a lifful vůr to the lord.

Leviticus 23:19 you also will offriy one boc as syndoffer and two fellow lammers for a sacrifice of peace.

Leviticus 23:20 then the priest will lead them with the present bread for the presence of the lord with the two lamps. they will be holy for the lord, to the priest.

Leviticus 23:21 on that day you will call a holy convoction. you must not take any work work. this is a eternal instance in all your wonders in all your wonders.

Leviticus 23:22 whenever you reap the reast of your land, you must not lead the rest of your harvest whenever you reap, and do not collect the rest of your harvest. leave them for the poor and the extrancy. i am the lord your god.

Leviticus 23:23 then the lord said to moses,

Leviticus 23:24 " tell the people, the seventh month, on the first day of the month, will have a rest of rest, a memorial of basun, a holy convoction.

Leviticus 23:25 do not take any work of worship, but you will offere a sacrifice to the lord. "

Leviticus 23:26 then the lord said to moses,

Leviticus 23:27 " now on the zeventh day of this seventh month is the day of reconciliation. there will be a holy convoction, and you will humble your souls, and bring a sacrifice to the lord.

Leviticus 23:28 you must not celebrate anything in that day, for it is a reconciliation for you before the lord your god.

Leviticus 23:29 for every person who does not humble on that day will be taken out of her people.

Leviticus 23:30 and every person who does any work at that day, i will udrish it out of her people.

Leviticus 23:31 do not take every work. this is a eternal ordation for all your generations in all your wounds.

Leviticus 23:32 it will be a sabbath sabbath for you, and you will humile your souls. on the niven day of the month, from the afternoon to the afternoon, celebrate your sabbath. "

Leviticus 23:33 then the lord said to moses,

Leviticus 23:34 " tell the people of israel : on the fighth day of this seventh month is the feast of loaves for seven days for the lord.

Leviticus 23:35 the first day is a holy convoction. you must not take any work of work.

Leviticus 23:36 " seven days you will offere a offering offering to the lord. on the eighth day you will have a holy convoction, and you will offere a brance to the lord. it is a foundation, do not take any work of work.

Leviticus 23:37 " these are the feast of the lord, which you will call a holy convoction, to bring a sacrifice to the lord : brance, sacrifices, sacrifices, and dratives, every day for every day.

Leviticus 23:38 behalf the sabbath of the lord and behalf your offerings and all your promises and all your frees that you give to the lord.

Leviticus 23:39 but on the fighth day of this seventh month, when you have finished the produce of the earth, celebrate the feast of the lord seven days. on the first day there is a rest of rest, and on the eighth day there is a rest of rest.

Leviticus 23:40 on the first day you may receive fruit of greatful tree, palma branches, branches of large tree and branches from the river, and you will celebrate seven days before the lord your god.

Leviticus 23:41 " in the year of the year you will celebrate it as a eternal inscription for your generations.

Leviticus 23:42 seven days you must live in tents, all the ineigning in israel must live in tents,

Leviticus 23:43 so that your generations may know that i have loved the israelites in tents when i led them out of the land of egypt. i am the lord your god ! "

Leviticus 23:44 so moses spoke the feast of the lord to the people of israel.

Leviticus 24:1 then the lord said to moses,

Leviticus 24:2 " command the israelites to bring you pure, pure olives for the light to burder the lamp always.

Leviticus 24:3 aaron must burn it outside of the curtain in the tent of testimony, from the afternoon to the next day, before the lord. this is a eternal instance for all your generations.

Leviticus 24:4 to the clean lampstand you will burn the lampes before the lord in the presence of the lord.

Leviticus 24:5 then you will take fish of fish and take on it twelve thousand. every bread will be two tiefs.

Leviticus 24:6 you will put them in two foundation, sex for each side, on the clean table before the lord.

Leviticus 24:7 you will put a purtain incense on each other, so that they will be for bread as a remembrance, a offering for the lord.

Leviticus 24:8 on the sabbath day he will remove always before the lord, before the israelites, as a eternal covenant.

Leviticus 24:9 it must be to aaron and his sons. they will eat it in a holy place, for it is a höghful offering for him from the sacrifices offered to the lord. this is a eternal instance. "

Leviticus 24:10 now the son of a israelite woman, who was a egyptian, went out among the people of israel, and the man of a israelita and a israelite believed in the leader.

Leviticus 24:11 then the son of the israelitin praised the name and prailed it. then they brought him to moses. his mother was selomith, a daughter of dibri, from the tribe of dan.

Leviticus 24:12 and they put him into prison to decider him according to the commandment of the lord.

Leviticus 24:13 then the lord said to moses,

Leviticus 24:14 " bring the fluck out of the camp, and all those who heard him must put their hands on his head, and the whole group will stone him.

Leviticus 24:15 " to the people of israel say, ' if anyone insults his god, he will receive his sin.

Leviticus 24:16 the one who practices the name of the lord must be put to death. the whole group will stone him with stones. whether the extrany or the indivenly, if he builds the name of the lord must be put to death.

Leviticus 24:17 if anyone slår a person, he must be put to death.

Leviticus 24:18 if anyone slaves a beast, he will give it : life for life.

Leviticus 24:19 if anyone practices his neighbor, the same thing he has done will happen to him.

Leviticus 24:20 broke for frack, eye for eye, tand for tand ; what he has done for a person will he be given.

Leviticus 24:21 if anyone slår a person, he must be put to death.

Leviticus 24:22 there must be a same judgment for the foreign and the inexperienced, because i am the lord your god. "

Leviticus 24:23 so moses said to the israelites, and they brought the flucer out of the camp and stone him. so the people of israel did what the lord had commanded moses.

Leviticus 25:1 and the lord said to moses in the mountain of sinai, saying,

Leviticus 25:2 " speak to the israelites and tell them, when you enter the land i give you, the land will be a sabbath for the lord.

Leviticus 25:3 " sex years you will seed your field, and sex years you will besed your vineyard and gather its fruit.

Leviticus 25:4 but on the seventh year there will be a sabbath of require for the earth, a sabbath for the lord. you must not seed your field and do not besed your vineyard.

Leviticus 25:5 you must not reap the rest of your ground and do not destroy the drupes of your grapes of grapes. it will be a require for the earth.

Leviticus 25:6 and the sabbath of the earth will be a food for you, for your servants, to your slave slaves, to your pay and for the extrancy who lives among you.

Leviticus 25:7 to your beast and to the beast that is in your land, all his produce will be for food.

Leviticus 25:8 then nump seven weeds for yourself, seven times seven times, so that the years of the years will be seven years for you.

Leviticus 25:9 then, on the tighth day of the seventh month, you will blast the trumpet on the day of the purification in all your country.

Leviticus 25:10 then sanctifike the fighth years and proclaim freedom on the land for all who live in it. it will be a jubeljaar for you. each one will return to his possession, and each of you will turn to his hometown.

Leviticus 25:11 the fiftty years will be a jubility for you. you must not seed or share the sheep that grow up, and do not roll the wearing of the crowns of it.

Leviticus 25:12 for it is a jubeltain. it will be a holy person for you. you will eat its produce from the field.

Leviticus 25:13 in the jubelning of the jubelning each one will return to his possession.

Leviticus 25:14 if you give anything to your neighbor or buy it from your neighbor, let no one tribe your neighbor.

Leviticus 25:15 according to the number of the years after the sight you will receive from your neighbor according to the number of the years of produce.

Leviticus 25:16 if many years are greater, make his possession greater, and what more is for the years, remove his possessions. for he will give you the number of his produce.

Leviticus 25:17 you must not suffer your neighbor, but may fear your god. for i am the lord your god.

Leviticus 25:18 hold my commandments, hold my commandments and hold my commandments and hold them, so you will live trying in trying in the earth.

Leviticus 25:19 and the earth will give her produce, and you will eat and live trying in it trying to live.

Leviticus 25:20 but if you say, ' what can we eat in the seventh year, if we do not sow or gather our produce ? '

Leviticus 25:21 so i will send my blessing to you in the sixth year, so that he will give its produce for three years.

Leviticus 25:22 when you seed in the eighth year, you will eat the new produce until the niven year. until the produce of it comes, you will eat already old.

Leviticus 25:23 the earth must not be vended for always, for you are my earth, because you are foreigners and foreigners before me.

Leviticus 25:24 in every land you possess possession of the earth in all your possessions.

Leviticus 25:25 if your brother is fathered and repay a possession of his possession, the near free of him will come and regates what his brother has set.

Leviticus 25:26 if there is no one to respect, but he has complete his hand and finds what is much to release him,

Leviticus 25:27 then he should consider the years that he has vended, and repay the resting to the man to whom he solded, and then to his possession.

Leviticus 25:28 but if he does not find his hand to betray him, the hand that has completed must remain to his creature until the jubeljaar, but on the jubelyew he must go back to his possession.

Leviticus 25:29 if anyone is given a household in a besterated city, then it will be redemption of it until a year is fulfilled.

Leviticus 25:30 but if it does not be released until the whole year is completed, the house in a city who is in a city, is firm for the creature in his generations, and it must not come in the jubeljal.

Leviticus 25:31 but the homes in the villages who have no wall around will be counted to the field of the earth. they must be redempted always, and on the jubelning they will come.

Leviticus 25:32 but the cities of the levievs, the tousehold of the towns of their possession must be regated to the levits always.

Leviticus 25:33 if anyone is redempted from the lévites, the family of the town of their possession will come in the jubelment, because the huusehold of the towns of the levievs are their possession among the people of israel.

Leviticus 25:34 the region of their towns of their towns must not be sold, because it is their eternal possession.

Leviticus 25:35 if your brother is fathered and he is difficulty with you, you must remove him, as a fremdeling or a extrancy, so he must live with you.

Leviticus 25:36 do not take anything from him, but be afraid of your god, so that your brother may live with you.

Leviticus 25:37 you must not give him your money for better and do not give him your food for food.

Leviticus 25:38 i am the lord your god, who led you out of the land of egypt to give you the land of canaan and be your god.

Leviticus 25:39 if your brother is humilied and is vended to you, you must not serve him to servant of a slave,

Leviticus 25:40 he must be with you like a merceer or a foreigner, until the jubelyew he will work with you.

Leviticus 25:41 then he must go out of the fright, he and his children with him, to his home, and turn back to the possession of his ancestors.

Leviticus 25:42 for these are my servants whom i have brought out of the land of egypt. they must not be sold as slaves.

Leviticus 25:43 do not stop him with hard work, but be afraid of your god.

Leviticus 25:44 and if you have a slave or a slave of you, you should compare a slave and slave of the nations who are around you.

Leviticus 25:45 and you will ahead of them from the children of the foreigners who live among you and from their relatives that are in your country, and they will be your possessions.

Leviticus 25:46 you will give them possessions to your children after you, so that they will be your possessions for ever. but over your brothers the israelites must not worship him with hard hard.

Leviticus 25:47 " if a extrancy or host who is with you finds to find and vends him and vends him to the extrancy or the inhabiter among you or to the family of the family of a extrancy,

Leviticus 25:48 after he was vended, he will be redemption for him, one of his brothers released him.

Leviticus 25:49 or the son of his father or the son of his father will rescation him, or any of his own family of his family will rescation him, or if he is pleasing, he will rescation himself.

Leviticus 25:50 he must consider together with his owner from the year he solded himself until the jubelyew, and the dinner of his proad must be like a loward of tax years.

Leviticus 25:51 if there are many years, he will repay his exclution from the money that he has proclaimed.

Leviticus 25:52 if there is a little years until the jubelyear, he should complete him. according to his years he must repay his relel.

Leviticus 25:53 each year he must be with him as a merceer for each year. you must not stop him with hard in your eyes.

Leviticus 25:54 but if he does not release this way, he must go out at the jubeljaar, he and his children with him.

Leviticus 25:55 for the people of israel are my slaves. they are my servants, whom i have brought out of the land of egypt. i am the lord your god.

Leviticus 26:1 " do not make idols for yourselves, or do not make idols or pils for yourselves, or do not put stone stone in your land to worship him. i am the lord your god !

Leviticus 26:2 you must guard my sabbath and fear my sanctuary. i am the lord.

Leviticus 26:3 " if you follow my commandments and obey my commandments and hold them,

Leviticus 26:4 then i will give you rain in his time, and the earth will give its produce, and the trees of the field will give their fruit.

Leviticus 26:5 the harvest will lead to you for the vineyard, and the vinbered will lead until the seed, and you will eat your bread to be satisfied, and you will live trying in your land trying in trying.

Leviticus 26:6 i will give peace in your land, you will dorm, and no one will fear you. i will rother away evil birds from your land, and no guerl will pass through your land.

Leviticus 26:7 you will persevere your enemies, and they will fall down by the sword before you.

Leviticus 26:8 five of you will persecute hundred, and hunty of you will persecute thousand, and your enemies will fall down before you by the sword.

Leviticus 26:9 then i will turn up to you, and i will grow you up and multiply you, and i will state my covenant with you.

Leviticus 26:10 you will eat old and new, and you will remove the new from the new way.

Leviticus 26:11 i will make my constance among you, and my soul will not abominare you.

Leviticus 26:12 i will live among you and be your god, and you will be my people.

Leviticus 26:13 i am the lord your god, who sailing you out of the land of egypt, so that you would not be their slaves. i have broken the bocks of your yoke and brought you away with fright.

Leviticus 26:14 but if you do not obey me and do not follow all these commandments,

Leviticus 26:15 but if you obey my commandements and insult my statuts, so that you do not obey all my commandments and destroy my covenant,

Leviticus 26:16 so i will do this to you : i will reveal you with devotion, suffering, and suffering, who will destroy your eyes and destroy your life. you will seed your descendants foolishly and your enemies will eat it.

Leviticus 26:17 i will turn my face against you, and you will fall down before your enemies, and those who hates you will persecute you, and you will flee, though no one persecutes you.

Leviticus 26:18 if you do not obey me, i will provide you seven times more for your sins.

Leviticus 26:19 i will break your stolth arrogance, and i will make your heavens like iron and your earth like bronze.

Leviticus 26:20 your power will be empty in vain, and your earth will not give its seed, and the trees of the field will not give his fruit.

Leviticus 26:21 and if you follow me and do not obey me, i will cause you seven plagues because of your sins.

Leviticus 26:22 i will send the wild animals of the earth to destroy you and destroy your beast and make you a few, so that your ways will be desolated.

Leviticus 26:23 if you do not discipline with these things but follow me,

Leviticus 26:24 so i will go against you and struck you seven times for your sins.

Leviticus 26:25 i will bring a sword on you, who will punish the defense of the covenant. you will flow into your towns, and i will send pest among you, and you will be given in the hand of the enemies.

Leviticus 26:26 when i tried your bread for bread, ten women will fall your bread in one bacch and give your bread with the pesse. you will eat but do not be satisfied.

Leviticus 26:27 and if you do not obey me and follow me,

Leviticus 26:28 so i will go in anger against you and castate you seven times more for your sins.

Leviticus 26:29 you will eat the flesh of your sons and will eat the flesh of your daughters.

Leviticus 26:30 i will destroy your offerings, and i will destroy your idols, and i will put your dead dead on the dead of your idols, and my life will reveal you.

Leviticus 26:31 i will make your towns in a wilderness, and i will destroy your sanctuary, and i will not lose your sacrifice of your sacrifice.

Leviticus 26:32 i will destroy your land, so that your enemies who live there will be amazed for it.

Leviticus 26:33 and i will spread you among the nations, and i will drive out the sword from you, and your land will be deserted, and your towns will be deserted.

Leviticus 26:34 then the land will rejoice for her sabbath as long as it is deserved, and you will be in the land of your enemies. then the earth will sabbath and wait for her sabbath.

Leviticus 26:35 as long as it is destroyed, she will reject the sabbath that she did not bear on your sabbath when you loved.

Leviticus 26:36 to those of you who will remain, i will bring a encouragement in their hearts in the land of their enemies, and the voice of a bringing flock will persecute them, and they will flee as those who flee from the battle and fall, though there is no one who persecutes them.

Leviticus 26:37 they will suffere each on another like by a battle, though there is no one who lives them, and you will not stand against your enemies.

Leviticus 26:38 you will be perishing among the nations, and the land of your enemies will devorce you.

Leviticus 26:39 the rest of you will be destroyed in the land of their enemies because of your sins because of your sins.

Leviticus 26:40 when they confess their sins and the sins of their ancestors, because they have transgressed me, and that they have accompanied me

Leviticus 26:41 so i also went against them and brought them in the land of their enemies. then their uncircumcised hearts will be revealed, and then they will repay their sins.

Leviticus 26:42 then i will remember the covenant with jacob, and my covenant with isaac, and i will remember abraham ' s covenant and remember the earth.

Leviticus 26:43 but the land will be left from them, and it will receive her sabbath when it is desolated because of them, and they will accept their own transgression because they have rejected my judgments and set their life to my commandments.

Leviticus 26:44 but even though they are in the land of their enemies i will not destroy them or endure them so that i may destroy them and destroy my covenant with them. i am the lord their god.

Leviticus 26:45 but i will remember their covenant with the covenant that i brought them out of egypt in the presence of the nations to be their god. i am the lord ! "

Leviticus 26:46 these are the judgments, the statuts and the law that the lord gave among himself and the israelites on the mountain of sinai through moses.

Leviticus 27:1 then the lord said to moses,

Leviticus 27:2 " tell the people of israel and tell them, ' if someone commits a promise for the lord as a honor of his life,

Leviticus 27:3 " the honor of a child from three and seventy years your honor will be fifty silver, for the gewictice of the sanctuary.

Leviticus 27:4 and if a woman is, the concision will be thirty siclos.

Leviticus 27:5 " if it is about five years until thirty years, the honor of the child must be twenty siclos and for a wife ten siclos.

Leviticus 27:6 from a month until five years, the honor of manners will be five silver coins, for a wife, three silver coins.

Leviticus 27:7 " if she is a child from seventy years and outside, a child will be fifteen silver, or for a wife, ten silver.

Leviticus 27:8 but if he is humble for honor, he should put him before the priest, and the priest will honor him, just as the man is promised, the priest should honor him.

Leviticus 27:9 if there is a beast that offers an offering to the lord, whatever he give to the lord will be holy.

Leviticus 27:10 it must not reject it for good or evil or evil. if it rejects it with a beast, it must be divided, both him and the reconciliation.

Leviticus 27:11 but if it is unclean beast that is not offered for the lord, he should stand the beast before the priest.

Leviticus 27:12 then the priest will honor it, both good or evil. as the priest commits, it must be.

Leviticus 27:13 if he has released it, he will add a fifth to your honor.

Leviticus 27:14 if anyone sanctifies his house as a holy offering to the lord, the priest will honor it, both good or evil. whatever the priest will honor it, it must be.

Leviticus 27:15 if the one who has made it holy will resgation his house, he will add a fifth of the money of honor, and it will be his.

Leviticus 27:16 if someone sanctifikes to the lord the field of his possession, your honor will be according to his seed, for a homer of horse for fifty silver coins.

Leviticus 27:17 if he sanctifies his field from the jubeljahr, he must stand according to his honor.

Leviticus 27:18 but if he sanctifies his field after the jubelyew, the priest should answer him the money according to the years that remains until the jubelyew, and it will be rejected from his creation.

Leviticus 27:19 if the one who has sanctified the field will redee it, then he will repay a quinto to his honor, and it will be his.

Leviticus 27:20 but if he does not release the field and repay the field to another, no longer will release it.

Leviticus 27:21 but when the field is gone out of the jubelnight, it will be holy for the lord like a possessed land. it must be a possession to the priest.

Leviticus 27:22 but if someone sanctifies to the lord the field he has created and who is not from the field of his possession,

Leviticus 27:23 then the priest will answer him the experience of the honor until the jubeljaar, and then he will offer the exclution on that day for the lord.

Leviticus 27:24 in the jubeljaar the beast will return to the man from whom he created, to whom the possession of the earth was.

Leviticus 27:25 all honor will be in the sicl of the sanctuary. a sicel will be twenty gera.

Leviticus 27:26 the firstborn of the beast of the beast of the beast will be for the lord, and no one will help him. either it is bear or sheep.

Leviticus 27:27 if it is unclean beast, he should reward according to his honor and add to it a fifth time. if it does not be released, it will be sold according to your honor.

Leviticus 27:28 but nothing anathema that a person takes up to the lord from everything he possesses, except people or beast or possessions of his possession will be rejected or resgated. everything that is anathema is höghly greatly for the lord.

Leviticus 27:29 nothing of the humans will be released, he must be released, he must be killed.

Leviticus 27:30 every different of the earth, of the descendants of the earth or of the fruit of the tree is the lord. it is holy for the lord.

Leviticus 27:31 if anyone will resgation his tifth, he will add a fifth to it.

Leviticus 27:32 all the tighth of hors and sheep of sheep or sheep of sheep or sheep, it will be holy for the lord.

Leviticus 27:33 you must not reject what is good, but if you reject it, it must be holy ; it must not be released.

Leviticus 27:34 " these are the commandments that the lord gave to moses on the mountain of sinai : these are the decrites, the commandments, and the law that the lord gave among him and the israelites on the mountain of sinai through moses.

Numbers 1:1 the first day of the second month of the second years at their gone from egypt, the lord said to moses in the wilderness of sinai, in the tent of testimony, saying,

Numbers 1:2 " take the number of the whole group of the sons of israel, their familes and their families, according to the number of the name, everyone who is husband,

Numbers 1:3 from thirty years and opter, all wearing out for a power of israel. mustert them in their taks, you and aaron.

Numbers 1:4 each one of you, each of the tribes, will be with you, each child of the house of his familes.

Numbers 1:5 these are the name of the men who will stand with you : from ruben : elizur, the son of shedeuur ;

Numbers 1:6 from simeon, selumiel, the son of tsurisaddai ;

Numbers 1:7 from judah, nahson, the son of amminadab ;

Numbers 1:8 from issachar, netanel, the son of zuar ;

Numbers 1:9 from zebulon, eliab, the son of helon ;

Numbers 1:10 from the sons of joseph : from ephraim : elisama, the son of ammihud ; from manasseh gamliel, the son of pedacsur ;

Numbers 1:11 from benjamin : abidan, the son of gideoni ;

Numbers 1:12 from dan : ahiezer, the son of ammisaddai ;

Numbers 1:13 from asser, pagiel, the son of ochran ;

Numbers 1:14 from gad : eljasaf, the son of deuel ;

Numbers 1:15 from neftali, ahira, the son of enan. "

Numbers 1:16 these were the officers of the group, the rulers of the tribes of their familes, the commandments of israel.

Numbers 1:17 so moses and aaron brought these men who had been called by their name.

Numbers 1:18 then they gathered the whole group on the first day of the second month. they convinced their generations, families, and families, in number of the name, from thirty years and opposite, each for their head.

Numbers 1:19 just as the lord had commanded moses. so he mustered them in the wilderness of sinai.

Numbers 1:20 the sons of ruben, the child of israel, their descendants according to their familles, according to their families, with the number of the name, from twenty years and opter, all who were going to go in guerra,

Numbers 1:21 there were a number of them from the tribe of ruben were four and six thousand and five hundred.

Numbers 1:22 the sons of simeon, their descendants according to their familles, according to their families, with the number of the name, from twenty years and opter, all who were going to go in guerra,

Numbers 1:23 there were a number of them from the tribe of simeon, fifty-nine and two hundred.

Numbers 1:24 in the number of the descendants of the sons of gad, their leaders according to their familles, according to the number of the name, from twenty years and opter, all who were going to go in guerra :

Numbers 1:25 in those who were recended in the tribe of gad were four and five thousand two hundred and fifty.

Numbers 1:26 " there is the number of the sons of judah, their descendants according to their familles, according to the number of the name, from twenty years and opter, all who were going to go in guerra,

Numbers 1:27 there were the number of number of them in the tribe of judah were seventy-four thousand and six hundred.

Numbers 1:28 in the number of the sons of issachar, their descendants, according to their familles, according to the number of the name, from twenty years and opter, all who were going to go in guerra :

Numbers 1:29 in those who were recended in the tribe of issaschar were four and four thousand and four hundred.

Numbers 1:30 " there is the number of the sons of zebulun, their leaders, according to their familles, according to the number of the name, from twenty years and opter, all who were going to go in guerra :

Numbers 1:31 in their number, in the tribe of zebulun, were a number of fifty-seven thousand and four hundred.

Numbers 1:32 in the number of the sons of joseph, the sons of the sons of ephraim, their descendants according to their familles, according to the number of the name, from twenty years and opter, all who were going to go in guerra :

Numbers 1:33 in those who were recended in the tribe of ephraim were four thousand and five hundred.

Numbers 1:34 among the sons of manasseh, their leaders, their leaders, according to their familles, according to the number of the name, from twenty years and opter, all who were going to go in guerra :

Numbers 1:35 in those who were recended in the tribe of manasseh were thirty and two thousand and two hundred.

Numbers 1:36 in the number of the descendants of the sons of benjamin, their leaders according to their familles, according to the number of the name, from twenty years and opter, all who were going to go in guerra :

Numbers 1:37 in those who were recended in the tribe of benjamin were thirty and five thousand and four hundred.

Numbers 1:38 the sons of dan, their generations, their familes, according to their families, with the number of the name, from twenty years and opter, all who were going to go in guerra,

Numbers 1:39 there were a number of them from the tribe of dan were seventy-two thousand and 700.

Numbers 1:40 the sons of asser, their generations, as their familes, according to their families, with the number of the name, from twenty years and opter, all who were going to go in guerra,

Numbers 1:41 there were in the tribe of asser a number of four and two thousand and five hundred.

Numbers 1:42 the sons of nafthali, their descendants according to their familles, after their families, with the number of the name, from twenty years and opter, all who were going to go in guerra,

Numbers 1:43 there were in the tribe of nafttali, fifty-three thousand and four hundred.

Numbers 1:44 these were the number of the number that moses and aaron and the rulers of israel were recended, each of the people of each family of his ancestors.

Numbers 1:45 ( now all the number of the sons of israel, their leaders, from thirty years and opter, all who were going to go in combation in israel,

Numbers 1:46 there were many hundred and three thousand and fighty hundred and fifty.

Numbers 1:47 but the levites, of their family of their ancestors, were not completed among them.

Numbers 1:48 then the lord said to moses,

Numbers 1:49 " listen to the tribe of levi and do not take their number among the people of israel.

Numbers 1:50 but you must put the lévites over the tent of testimony and over all its uteneds, and over everything that is in it. they will take up the tabernacle and all its uteneds, and they will serve in it, and they will bound around the tabernacle.

Numbers 1:51 when the tabernacle will leave, the levians will destroy it, and when the tabernacle will stand, the levies will destroy it, and the one who is approaching will be died.

Numbers 1:52 the people of israel will assemble each one in his own place and each of them in his own region, according to their takes.

Numbers 1:53 but the levits must camp around the tabernacle of the testimony, so that there is no anger against the entire of the people of israel. so the lévites must obey the service of the tent of testimony. "

Numbers 1:54 so the israelites did according to everything that the lord had commanded moses, so they did.

Numbers 2:1 and the lord said to moses and aaron,

Numbers 2:2 " the israelites must bound his camp by his bander, according to the signs of their families. they will bound along around the tabernacle of testimony.

Numbers 2:3 on the east, on the east, will be the bander of the camp of judah with their families. the ruler of the sons of judah is nahson, amminadab ' s son ;

Numbers 2:4 his division, in their number, were seventy-four thousand and six hundred people inregistrated.

Numbers 2:5 outside will the tribe of issachar, and the child of the sons of isssachar will be netanel, son of zuar,

Numbers 2:6 his division, that were mønstreyed, are fifty-four thousand and four hundred.

Numbers 2:7 then the tribe of zebulun, and eliab, the son of helon, is the child of the sons of zebulun.

Numbers 2:8 his division, that were mønstreyed, are fifty-seven thousand and four hundred.

Numbers 2:9 all who were recened in the leir of judah were 186 400 man. they must remove the first.

Numbers 2:10 the bander of the least of ruben will be south, their families, and child of the sons of ruben is elizur, the son of shedeuur.

Numbers 2:11 his division, that were mønstreyed, is four and six thousand and five hundred people inregistrated.

Numbers 2:12 along him will be leading the tribe of simeon. child of the sons of simeon is selumiel, the son of tsurisaddai,

Numbers 2:13 his lame and inregistrate of his number were fifty-nine and two hundred.

Numbers 2:14 then the tribe of gad. the child of the sons of gad is eliasaph, the son of deuel,

Numbers 2:15 his division, in their number, were fifty and five thousand two hundred and fifty-fifty.

Numbers 2:16 all the number of the leir of ruben were a hundred fifty ( 151 450 ). they will remove the second.

Numbers 2:17 then the tabernacle of testimony will take up in the middle of the leaders. as they bound, so they will go out, each on his place, each on his place.

Numbers 2:18 the bander of the least of ephraim is westely with their families. child of the sons of ephraim is elisama, ammihud ' s son.

Numbers 2:19 his lame, inregistrate of his number, were fifty thousand and fifty.

Numbers 2:20 after him will be the tribe of manasseh. child for the sons of manassees is gamliel, the son of pedazur,

Numbers 2:21 his division, in their number, were thirty and two thousand and two hundred.

Numbers 2:22 then the tribe of benjamin. the ruler of the sons of benjamin is abidan, the son of gideoni,

Numbers 2:23 his division, that were mønstreyed, will be 35 400 man.

Numbers 2:24 in the number of the leading of the leir of ephraim were a number of cent and eight thousand according to their turmits. they will remove the third.

Numbers 2:25 the bander of the least of dan will be norderside with their families. child of the sons of dan is ahiezer, the son of ammisaddai,

Numbers 2:26 his division, that were mønstreyed, are seventy-two thousand and 700 man.

Numbers 2:27 at him will be the tribe of asser, and pagiel, the son of ochran, is the child of the sons of asser.

Numbers 2:28 his division, who were mønstreyed, were a entire and firty thousand and five hundred.

Numbers 2:29 then the tribe of nafthali, and ahira, the son of enan, is the child of the sons of nafthali.

Numbers 2:30 his division, that were mønstreyed, will be fifty-three thousand and four hundred.

Numbers 2:31 all the number of number of the leir of dan were a hundred fifty and fifty thousand. they must remove the last, according to their banders. "

Numbers 2:32 these were the number of the people of israel according to their families. all the number of their camp according to their leaders were seventy-three mii five hundred and fifty-fifty.

Numbers 2:33 but the lévites were not completed among them, as the lord had commanded moses.

Numbers 2:34 so the israelites did everything that the lord had commanded moses. so they began to bound according to their banquets, and so they went out each one according to their familles, according to their families.

Numbers 3:1 now these are the generations of aaron and moses when the lord spoke to moses on the mountain sinai.

Numbers 3:2 these are the name of the sons of aaron : nadab, the first child, abihu, eleazar, and ithamar.

Numbers 3:3 these are the names of the sons of aaron, the eleved priests, whom they had finished to be priests.

Numbers 3:4 but nadab and abihu stared before the lord when they offered someone else before the lord in the wilderness sinai, and they did not have children. so eleazar and ithamar became priesting before their father aaron.

Numbers 3:5 then the lord said to moses,

Numbers 3:6 " take the tribe of levi and make them before the priest aaron, that they will serve him.

Numbers 3:7 they must observe the service of him and the whole israelition before the tent of testimony, to work on the service of the tabernacle.

Numbers 3:8 they must turn all the gifts of the tent of testimony and the service of the people of israel, to work on the tabernacle.

Numbers 3:9 you must give the levits to aaron and his sons. they are given them given to me from the people of israel.

Numbers 3:10 to serve the tabernacle of the testimony aaron and his sons, so that the one who touches must be died. "

Numbers 3:11 then the lord said to moses,

Numbers 3:12 " now i have taken the lévites from the people of israel in place of all the firstborn who causes mouth from the israelites. so the lévites will be my.

Numbers 3:13 for every firstborn is yours. when i killed all the firstborn in egypt, i healed for me every firstborn in israel, both people and beast. they will be my. i am the lord. "

Numbers 3:14 and the lord said to moses in the wilderness of sinai, saying,

Numbers 3:15 " number the sons of levi, their families, according to their familles. you will number all who are manners from a month and belong. "

Numbers 3:16 so moses conformed them as the lord commanded, as he had instructed.

Numbers 3:17 ( now these were the sons of levi in their name : gerson, kehat, and merari.

Numbers 3:18 these are the name of the sons of gerson, as as their familes : libni and shimei.

Numbers 3:19 and the sons of kahath according to their familes : amram, jizhar, hebron, usziel.

Numbers 3:20 and the sons of merari, according to their familes, were mahli and musai. these were the familes of the levits according to their families.

Numbers 3:21 of gerson were the familon of libni and the familon of shimei. these were the familes of gerson.

Numbers 3:22 they were numised in number of all manners, a month of a month and belong, were seven thousand and five hundred.

Numbers 3:23 the gerson ' s sons will bound after the tabernacle, west of the tabernacle.

Numbers 3:24 the child of the family of the gersonites is eliasaph, the son of lael. "

Numbers 3:25 they were the guard of the tabernacle of gerson in the tent of testimony, the tabernacle, his depeat, the depeat of the door of the tabernacle of the testimony,

Numbers 3:26 the beasts of the courts of the courtyard and the curtain from the door of the courtyard that is on the tabernacle and the curtain of all his services.

Numbers 3:27 of kehat : the family of the amramites, the familing of the ishharites, the family of the hebronians, and the family of usziel. these are the familes of the kahathits.

Numbers 3:28 the number of all manners from a month and belshe was for seven thousand and seventy, who were guarding the service of the sanctuary.

Numbers 3:29 the familations of the coath ' s familes may bound at the west side of the tabernacle.

Numbers 3:30 the child of the family of the familes of the kahathits was elizafan, the son of uzziel.

Numbers 3:31 they were at guard for the ark of the ark, the table, the lampstand, the altars, the cloaks of the sanctuary with which they serve, the depeat and all their work.

Numbers 3:32 eleazar, the son of the priest aaron, was a ruling officer over the rulers of the leavs of the leaders of the sanctuary.

Numbers 3:33 of merari were the familon of mahli and the familon of the musi. these were the familes of merari.

Numbers 3:34 the number of them, a number of all children from a month and ahead were sex thousand and fifty.

Numbers 3:35 the child of the family of the familes of merari was suriel, the son of abihail. they learn to the nord side of the tabernacle.

Numbers 3:36 the guard of the sons of merari will be revealed : the foods of the tabernacle, its rives, its pils, its foods, and all their uteneds, and all their service,

Numbers 3:37 the piller around the courtyard around all time, and their socks, and their pains and their crowns.

Numbers 3:38 moses, aaron, and his sons were taken camp before the tabernacle of the testimony, in the east of the east, moses and aaron and his sons. the one who touches, will be put to death.

Numbers 3:39 all the number of the leviatians who had numpled moses and aaron according to their familles, all who were manners from a month and below, were two and two thousand.

Numbers 3:40 then the lord said to moses, " take all the elders child from the children of israel from a month and belong, and take the number of their name.

Numbers 3:41 then take the lévites to me, i am the lord, in the place of all the firstborn of the people of israel, and the beast of the lévites in place of all the firstborn of the children of israel. "

Numbers 3:42 so moses contacted all the firstborn among the israelites, just as the lord had commanded.

Numbers 3:43 all the elders child according to the number of name, from a month and arriver, were two and two thousand two hundred seventy-three thousand.

Numbers 3:44 then the lord said to moses,

Numbers 3:45 " take the lévites in place of all the firstborn of the people of israel, and the beast of the lévites in the place of their lops. so the lévites will be my. i am the lord.

Numbers 3:46 and for the exclution of two hundred seventy-three elders of the firstborn of the israelites,

Numbers 3:47 take out five siclos for each one, to the sicl of the sanctuary, shour of the silver coins.

Numbers 3:48 and you will give aaron and his sons the money as a lossing of those who are over them. "

Numbers 3:49 so moses took the money of redemption for those who were revealed to the redemption of the levits.

Numbers 3:50 he took the money of the firstborn of the israelites, 1,265 siclos, according to the sicel of the sanctuary.

Numbers 3:51 so moses gave the exclution for aaron and his sons according to the message of the lord, just as the lord had commanded moses.

Numbers 4:1 and the lord said to moses and aaron,

Numbers 4:2 " take the number of the sons of kahath from the people of levi, according to their familes, according to their families,

Numbers 4:3 from three and five years and opter until fifty years, every one who is inmitted to serve in the tent of testimony.

Numbers 4:4 this is the service of the sons of kahath in the tent of testimony, which is höghly.

Numbers 4:5 when the lead rushes, aaron and his sons will come in and threw away the curtain, and will deceive the ark of the testimony.

Numbers 4:6 they will put a veir of tabbew clothing, and they will put on it a cloak from bull violone, and they will put the stangen.

Numbers 4:7 they will put a cloak of purple robe on the table of the sacrifice offered for the offering offering offering, and there will be the always bread on it.

Numbers 4:8 they will put a purple clothing on it and depeat it with a dekle of tabor white and put the stangen there.

Numbers 4:9 they will take a clow clothing and take the lampstand of light to light, its lampstands, its leaders, its leaders, and all its olives of olive oil that they serve.

Numbers 4:10 they will put it and all its miracles in a veir of tac clothing and put it on the dragon.

Numbers 4:11 " even on the golden altar they will put a purple clothing and peat it with a dekle of tabbew wells and put his stangen.

Numbers 4:12 they will take all the gifts of service with which they serve in the sanctuary, and throw them into a taken clothing and peat them with a veir of taken clothing and put them on the stangen.

Numbers 4:13 they will put the gate off on the altar and reveat it with a purple robe.

Numbers 4:14 they will put on it all the vaisks on which on the service of the service of the altar, the paners, the schalen, the schalen, all the uteneds of the altar, and they will put on it a cripel of taber clothing and put on the bæres.

Numbers 4:15 " when aaron and his sons have completed the sanctuary and all the gifts of the sanctuary when the camp comes up, then the sons of kahath will come and find it, but they must not touch the holy things so that they may not be dead. these are the offering of the sons of kahath in the tent of testimony.

Numbers 4:16 eleazar, the son of aaron the priest, will consider the olive oil for the light, the food of incense, the daily sacrifice, the salf-olish oil, the order of the whole tabernacle and everything that is in it, the sanctuary and his deeds. "

Numbers 4:17 and the lord said to moses and aaron,

Numbers 4:18 " do not destroy the tribe of the familes of kahath from among the lévites.

Numbers 4:19 " do this for them, so that they may live and do not be dead while they approaching the höghly holy : aaron and his sons must go and put each one of them as his work and his work.

Numbers 4:20 they must not enter again to see the holy things, so that they will die.

Numbers 4:21 then the lord said to moses,

Numbers 4:22 " take the number of the sons of gerson according to their familes, according to their familes. "

Numbers 4:23 from thirty years and opter until fifty years, you will number them, all who are going in ministry to serve in the tent of testimony.

Numbers 4:24 this is the service of the familes of gerson, to serve and to find :

Numbers 4:25 they will take the tabernacle of the tabernacle, the tabernacle of the testimony, its depeat, the tabor of tabor, that is on it, and the depeat of the door of the tabernacle of testimony,

Numbers 4:26 the cloaks of the courts of the courts of the courtyard and the cort of the courts of the courts of the courts of the courts of the courts of the courts of the courts.

Numbers 4:27 the ministry of the gerson of the gerson will be according to the order of aaron and his sons. you will revead them everything they carry to carry.

Numbers 4:28 this is the service of the service of the gerson in the tent of testimony. their guard must be in the hand of ithamar, the son of the priest aaron. "

Numbers 4:29 " the people of merari will number according to their familes and families.

Numbers 4:30 from thirty years and opter until fifty years, you will number them, all who will enter the service of the tent of testimony.

Numbers 4:31 " now this is the guard of which they will take in the tent of testimony in all their deeds : the backs of the tabernacle, his bretter, its piller, its soads, and their soads,

Numbers 4:32 the piller to the courtyard together with their fotstones, foods, sound, and all their reason, with all their reason, with all their services. revead them with their names with all the vacks of their service. "

Numbers 4:33 this is the service of the familes of the merarites in all their deeds in the tent of testimony by the hand of ithamar, the son of the priest aaron. "

Numbers 4:34 so moses and aaron and the rulers of the israel contacted the kehatites according to their familes, according to their families,

Numbers 4:35 from treetty years and opter until fifty years, all who were in order to serve in the tent of testimony,

Numbers 4:36 there were two thousand two hundred and fifty.

Numbers 4:37 for these were the number of the familes of kahath, all those who were ministry in the tent of testimony, which moses and aaron had requested according to the order of the lord through moses.

Numbers 4:38 and the number of the sons of gerson, their familes and their families,

Numbers 4:39 from treetty years and opter until fifty years, all who were encouraged to serve in the tent of testimony,

Numbers 4:40 the people who recended them in their familes and families were two thousand two hundred and thirty-thirty.

Numbers 4:41 for these were the number of the familes of the gerson, all those who were ministry in the tent of testimony, which moses and aaron had requested according to the order of the lord through moses.

Numbers 4:42 they were also contacted the familes of the sons of merari, their familes and their families,

Numbers 4:43 from thirty years and opter until fifty years, all who were in order to serve in the tent of testimony,

Numbers 4:44 there were three thousand and two hundred.

Numbers 4:45 for these were the number of the familes of the sons of merari, whom moses and aaron recended according to the message of the lord through moses.

Numbers 4:46 all the number of the people who numpped moses, aaron, and the rulers of israel, according to their familles and families,

Numbers 4:47 from three years and opter until fifty years, all wearing to work for the work, the work that is revealed in the tent of testimony,

Numbers 4:48 there were five thousand fifty hundred and forty-foventy.

Numbers 4:49 this was according to the commandment of the lord through moses, each one according to his work and his last. so they were recended, just as the lord had commanded moses.

Numbers 5:1 then the lord said to moses,

Numbers 5:2 " command the israelites to to send out of the camp every one who is leprosy, and every one who is unclean by body.

Numbers 5:3 you should send them, both men and women, outside the camp, so that they may not defile their leaders where i live among them. "

Numbers 5:4 so the israelites did so and sent them out of the camp. just as the lord had spoken to moses, so the israelites did.

Numbers 5:5 then the lord said to moses,

Numbers 5:6 " tell the people, ' if a man or a woman commits anything of human sins and rebells against the lord and is delivered,

Numbers 5:7 then he should proclaim his sin that he has committed. then he will repay his transgression and add to the one against whom he has committed.

Numbers 5:8 but if there is no one to repay him the transgression, the transgression that is given to the lord will come to the priest, except the carge of fordofing sacrifice with which he is reconcilied.

Numbers 5:9 all the offering offering of all the saints offerings of the people of israel that they bring to the priest will be his.

Numbers 5:10 each one who is sanctified will be his. whatever he gives to the priest will be his. "

Numbers 5:11 then the lord said to moses,

Numbers 5:12 " speak to the people of israel and tell them, if someone ' s wife rejects and rebells against him,

Numbers 5:13 if someone has married with her children, and she is healed of her husband, but she has been defiled, and there is no witness against her and she has not been taken up,

Numbers 5:14 but the spirit of jealousy comes over him and he sees his wife, because she has been defiled. or if a severe spirit comes over him and he sees his wife but she has not been defiled,

Numbers 5:15 then the man should bring his wife to the priest and bring the offering offering for her, a tighth of a efa gerse of gerse ; he should not give olive oil on it or put incense on it, for it is a eiferess sacrifice, a sacrifice of memory, who remembers sin.

Numbers 5:16 then the priest will bring her and present it before the lord.

Numbers 5:17 then the priest will take an living water in a iron call and take the food that is on the food of the tabernacle, and throw it into the water.

Numbers 5:18 then the priest must put the woman before the presence of the lord and reveal the woman ' s head and put the sacrifice of memory on her hands, the sacrifice of eiferess, and the priest ' s hand will have this stragge water in his hand.

Numbers 5:19 then the priest will swear her swear and say to her woman, ' if no one has fallen with you and if you have not transjected your husband to be unclean, you must be cursed from this recuring water that lives this fluck.

Numbers 5:20 but if you have committed your husband and has been defiled, and someone rejected his bed with you except your husband,

Numbers 5:21 then the priest must swear the woman with this praise of fluction and say to the woman, ' let the lord give you a joy and encouragement among your people, because the lord will put your part to you and make your ingewand destroyed,

Numbers 5:22 and this flute water that is praise will enter your ingewand to make your women and tear your heup. ' and the woman will say, ' amen, amen ! '

Numbers 5:23 then the priest will write these fluctions in a scroll and share them into the wrath of fluck of fluck.

Numbers 5:24 and he will give the woman to drink the fluck water who practices fluction, and the fluck water will enter her in correction.

Numbers 5:25 then the priest will take the living sacrifice from the woman ' s hand and put the offering offering for the presence of the lord, and bring it to the altar.

Numbers 5:26 then the priest will take some of the sacrifice to memorial of it and offer it fuming on the altar. then he will give the woman to drink the water.

Numbers 5:27 whenever she has been defiled and rebelled her husband, the fluck water that comes to fluck will enter her in, and her womb will burn up, her womb will destroy, her womb will be difficulted, and the woman will become a slander among her people.

Numbers 5:28 but if she does not be defiled, but is pure, she will be unclean and produce children.

Numbers 5:29 this is the law for the eive suffering, if a woman destroys to her husband and is defiled,

Numbers 5:30 or if a woman comes with a spirit of jealousy and he is eager for his wife, he should stand the woman before the lord, and the priest will accomplite her all this law.

Numbers 5:31 the man must be innocent by sin, but that woman will remove sin of sin. "

Numbers 6:1 then the lord said to moses,

Numbers 6:2 " speak to the israelites and tell them, " if a man or a woman commits a promise to provide a promise to the lord,

Numbers 6:3 then he will be purified from wine and drink, and he should not drink anything food of wine or drunk of drunk, and he must not drink anything that produces from druck, and do not eat frunk, or druck wine.

Numbers 6:4 during all the days he is nazireed, he must not eat anything that happens from the vineyard.

Numbers 6:5 all the days he is weighted for purification, no hair will come on his head until the days he has promised to the lord will be holy, he must tear the hair of his head.

Numbers 6:6 during all the days he is invited to the lord will not enter a mortal person.

Numbers 6:7 there must not be impured by his father or mother, or his brother or sister, since they are dead, because the gifts of his god is on his head.

Numbers 6:8 as long as he is nazired, he will be holy for the lord.

Numbers 6:9 but if someone stirns before him immediately and is defiled by his nazireed head, he should strike his head on the day of his purification. on the seventh day he should raise it.

Numbers 6:10 on the eighth day he will bring two turtels or two doves to the priest, before the door of the tent of samekht.

Numbers 6:11 then the priest will offere one as expiadoffer and the other as holocausto. so he will reconciliare him because he has committed the life against the life. so he will make his head holy on that day.

Numbers 6:12 then he will be sanctified to the lord the days of his nasireation and bring a jext lamb as deliction for deliction. the first days must be revealed because his nazireed has been defiled.

Numbers 6:13 " and this is the law of the nasireer : when the days of his nasireation will come, he will bring him before the tabernacle of the testimony.

Numbers 6:14 then he will bring his offering to the lord : a fellow felfong lamb in sacrifice to holocaust, a year one felfong lamb as expiación and one bagge in sacrifice of salvation.

Numbers 6:15 and a clock of unleavened bread, four bread frassed with olie, and unleavened coins untped with olje oil, with their sacrifice, and their drankoffer.

Numbers 6:16 then the priest will bring it before the lord and sacrifice his sacrifice for sin and his incense.

Numbers 6:17 then he will offer the weast as a sacrifice of pacifies to the lord with the korb of unleavened bread. then the priest will offer his sacrifice and his drankoffer.

Numbers 6:18 then the nasirer will strike the head of his nazireed by the door of the tabernacle of testimony, and put the head of his nazire-head and put the hair of his weighting head and put on the fire that is under the sacrifice of thanks.

Numbers 6:19 then the priest will take the gold boat from the flock, one unleavened bread from the korb and one unleavened bread and put it on the hands of the nazirer after he has washed his nazireed.

Numbers 6:20 and the priest will bring them in the presence of the lord. it is holy for the priest with the bringan of the curing and the arms of the heft. then the nazireer must drink wine.

Numbers 6:21 this is the law for the nasireer who practices his offering for the lord for his nasireation, except what he finds. according to the inscription of his nazireed that he practices, according to the law of invition. "

Numbers 6:22 then the lord said to moses,

Numbers 6:23 " speak to aaron and his sons, saying, " so you will praise the people of israel and say to them, ' they will put my name on the israelites. i, the lord, will praise them.

Numbers 6:24 " the lord may praise you and guard you.

Numbers 6:25 let the lord show his face to you and show mercy to you.

Numbers 6:26 may the lord turn his face to you and give you peace !

Numbers 7:1 now on the day moses finished up the tabernacle and anointed it and sanctified it with all its uteneds, the altar with all his uteneds, and anointed them and sanctified them,

Numbers 7:2 so the rulers of israel, the families of their families, the rulers of the tribes, who stood before the completion.

Numbers 7:3 they brought their offering before the lord : sex suffering women and twelve oxes, a wamack from two rulers, a bear for each one, and brought them before the tabernacle.

Numbers 7:4 then the lord said to moses,

Numbers 7:5 " take them from them, so that they will be for the service of the tent of testimony, and give them to the levits, each one according to his service. "

Numbers 7:6 then moses took the wags and the bees and gave them to the levits.

Numbers 7:7 two wags and four hors he gave to the sons of gerson according to their service.

Numbers 7:8 he gave the four wags and eight oxes to the merarites according to their service through itamar, the son of the priest aaron.

Numbers 7:9 but he did not give to the sons of kehat, because they had the ministry of the sanctuary. they will take it on their homs.

Numbers 7:10 then the rulers offered offering the altar on the day he was anointed, and the rulers offered their offerings before the altar.

Numbers 7:11 then the lord said to moses, " each one child will bring their offering for their offering for the innovence of the altar. "

Numbers 7:12 the one who offered his gift on the first day was nahson, the son of amminadab, of the tribe of judah.

Numbers 7:13 he offered his offering : a silveren fait waging of a hundred thirty silver coins, a silveren sprengbowl of seventy-siclos, according to the sicl of the sanctuary, both full of flor mel blaned with olie, to sacrifice to sacrifice -

Numbers 7:14 suddenge of treven siclos, full with incenso,

Numbers 7:15 un beast, a bagge, a jext lamb as holocausting,

Numbers 7:16 one keitenbok as sacrifice for sin

Numbers 7:17 and to a pacifikoffer : two bees, five bodies, five boats, five fellow lammers. this was the offering of nahshon, amminadab son.

Numbers 7:18 the second day nathanael, the son of suar, the ruler of isssachar, offered him.

Numbers 7:19 he offered his offering : a silveren fait waging of a hundred thirty silver coins, a silveren sprengbowl of seventy-siclos, according to the sicl of the sanctuary, both full of flor mel blaned with olie, to sacrifice to sacrifice -

Numbers 7:20 suddenge of treven siclos, full with incenso,

Numbers 7:21 un beast, a bagge, a jext lamb as holocausting,

Numbers 7:22 one keitenbok as sacrifice for sin

Numbers 7:23 and to a pacifikoffer : two bees, five boats, five boats, five fellow lammers. this was the offering of nethaneel, the son of zuar.

Numbers 7:24 the third day was eliel, the son of helon, the child of the sons of zebulun.

Numbers 7:25 his offering was : a silwerboot feating of a hundred thirty silver coins, a golden bowl of seventy-siclos, according to the sicl of the sanctuary, both full of flor mel versed with olie, to sacrifice to sacrifice - -

Numbers 7:26 suddenge of treven siclos, full with incenso,

Numbers 7:27 un beast, a bagge, a jext lamb as holocausting,

Numbers 7:28 one keitenbok as sacrifice for sin

Numbers 7:29 and to a sacrifice of pacifice, two bees, five boats, five fellow lammers. this was the offering of eliab, the son of helon.

Numbers 7:30 the fourth day was elizur, the son of sedeur, the prince of the rubens.

Numbers 7:31 his offering was : a silwerboot feating of a hundred thirty silver coins, a golden bowl of seventy-siclos, according to the sicl of the sanctuary, both full of flor mel versed with olie, to sacrifice to sacrifice - -

Numbers 7:32 suddenge of treven siclos, full with incenso,

Numbers 7:33 un beast, a bagge, a jext lamb as holocausting,

Numbers 7:34 one keitenbok as sacrifice for sin

Numbers 7:35 and to a sacrifice of pacifice, two bees, five boats, five fellow lammers. this was the offering of elizur, the son of shedeuur.

Numbers 7:36 the fifth day was the child of the sons of simeon, selumiel, the son of tsurisaddai.

Numbers 7:37 his offering was : a silwerboot feating of a hundred thirty silver coins, a golden bowl of seventy-siclos, according to the sicl of the sanctuary, both full of flor mel versed with olie, to sacrifice to sacrifice - -

Numbers 7:38 suddenge of treven siclos, full with incenso,

Numbers 7:39 un beast, a bagge, a jext lamb as holocausting,

Numbers 7:40 one keitenbok as sacrifice for sin

Numbers 7:41 and to a pacifikoffer : two bees, five bodies, five boats, five fellow lammers. this was the offering of shelumiel, son of tsurisaddai.

Numbers 7:42 the sixth day was eliasaph, the son of deuel, the child of the gadits.

Numbers 7:43 his offering was : a silwerboot feating of a hundred thirty silver coins, a golden bowl of seventy-siclos, according to the sicl of the sanctuary, both full of flor mel versed with olie, to sacrifice to sacrifice - -

Numbers 7:44 suddenge of treven siclos, full with incenso,

Numbers 7:45 un beast, a bagge, a jext lamb as holocausting,

Numbers 7:46 one keitenbok as sacrifice for sin

Numbers 7:47 and to a pacifikoffer : two bees, five boats, five boats, five fellow lammers. this was the offering of eliasaph, the son of reguel.

Numbers 7:48 the seventh day was elichama, the son of ammihud, the child of the sons of ephraim.

Numbers 7:49 his offering was : a silwerboot feating of a hundred thirty silver coins, a golden bowl of seventy-siclos, according to the sicl of the sanctuary, both full of flor mel versed with olie, to sacrifice to sacrifice - -

Numbers 7:50 suddenge of treven siclos, full with incenso,

Numbers 7:51 un beast, a bagge, a jext lamb as holocausting,

Numbers 7:52 one keitenbok as sacrifice for sin

Numbers 7:53 and to a sacrifice of pacifice, two bees, five boats, five fellow lammers. this was the offering of elisama, the son of ammihud.

Numbers 7:54 the eighth day was gamliel, the son of pedazur, the child of the manassees.

Numbers 7:55 his offering was : a silwerboot feating of a hundred thirty silver coins, a golden bowl of seventy-siclos, according to the sicl of the sanctuary, both full of flor mel versed with olie, to sacrifice to sacrifice - -

Numbers 7:56 suddenge of treven siclos, full with incenso,

Numbers 7:57 un beast, a bagge, a jext lamb as holocausting,

Numbers 7:58 one keitenbok as sacrifice for sin

Numbers 7:59 and to a pacifikoffer : two bees, five bodies, five boats, five fellow lammers. this was the offering of gamliel, the son of pedazur.

Numbers 7:60 the night day was abidan, the son of gidoni, the prince of benjamin.

Numbers 7:61 his offering was : a silwerboot feating of a hundred thirty silver coins, a golden bowl of seventy-siclos, according to the sicl of the sanctuary, both full of flor mel versed with olie, to sacrifice to sacrifice - -

Numbers 7:62 suddenge of treven siclos, full with incenso,

Numbers 7:63 un beast, a bagge, a jext lamb as holocausting,

Numbers 7:64 one keitenbok as sacrifice for sin

Numbers 7:65 and to a pacifikoffer : two bees, five bodies, five boats, five fellow lammers. this was the offering of abidan, the son of gideoni.

Numbers 7:66 on the tenth day was the child of the sons of dan, ahiezer, the son of ammisaddai.

Numbers 7:67 his offering was : a silwerboot feating of a hundred thirty silver coins, a golden bowl of seventy-siclos, according to the sicl of the sanctuary, both full of flor mel versed with olie, to sacrifice to sacrifice - -

Numbers 7:68 suddenge of treven siclos, full with incenso,

Numbers 7:69 un beast, a bagge, a jext lamb as holocausting,

Numbers 7:70 one keitenbok as sacrifice for sin

Numbers 7:71 and to a pacifikoffer : two bees, five boats, five boats, five fellow lammers. this was the offering of ahiezer, the son of ammisaddai.

Numbers 7:72 the elften day came the child of the sons of asser, pagiel, okran son :

Numbers 7:73 his offering was : a silwerboot feating of a hundred thirty silver coins, a golden bowl of seventy-siclos, according to the sicl of the sanctuary, both full of flor mel versed with olie, to sacrifice to sacrifice - -

Numbers 7:74 suddenge of treven siclos, full with incenso,

Numbers 7:75 un beast, a bagge, a jext lamb as holocausting,

Numbers 7:76 one keitenbok as sacrifice for sin

Numbers 7:77 and to a pacifikoffer : two bees, five bodies, five boats, five fellow lammers. this was the offering of pagiel, the son of ochran.

Numbers 7:78 the twelve day was ahira, the son of enan, the child of the sons of nafthali.

Numbers 7:79 his offering was : a silwerboot feating of a hundred thirty silver coins, a golden bowl of seventy-siclos, according to the sicl of the sanctuary, both full of flor mel versed with olie, to sacrifice to sacrifice - -

Numbers 7:80 suddenge of treven siclos, full with incenso,

Numbers 7:81 un beast, a bagge, a jext lamb as holocausting,

Numbers 7:82 one keitenbok as sacrifice for sin

Numbers 7:83 and to a sacrifice of pacifice, two bees, five boats, five fellow lammers. this was the offering of ahira the son of enan son.

Numbers 7:84 this was the innovence of the altar from the rulers of israel on the day he anointed him : twelve silverns of silver, twelve bowls of silver, twelve baskets of gold.

Numbers 7:85 each cent siclos of silver coins, each one boot for seventy-two siclos. all the silver silver coins were two hundred and four hundred siclos, according to the sicl of the sanctuary.

Numbers 7:86 twelve gifts of gold, full of incense, all the golden gold - a hundred and twenty-twenty gold.

Numbers 7:87 all the bears for brance were twelve bees, twelve rams, twelve lammeren, twelve lammers one year with their sacrifice of sacrifice, and twelve bokken as expiación.

Numbers 7:88 all the bears in sacrifice of pacifies were twenty-four horns, seven boats, sexty boats, seven years one fellow lammeren. this was the offering offering of the altar after it was anointed.

Numbers 7:89 as moses entered the tent of testimony to speak with him, he heard the voice speaking to him from the ark of the testimony, which is on the ark of testimony, among the two cherubs, and he spoke to him.

Numbers 8:1 then the lord said to moses,

Numbers 8:2 " speak to aaron and tell him, whenever you put the lampen, the seven lampes will light from the side of the lampstand. "

Numbers 8:3 so aaron did so : he separed its lamps before the lamp, just as the lord had commanded moses.

Numbers 8:4 now this was the inscription of the lampstand : full of gold. he made the lampstand, just as the lord had shown moses, he made the lampstand.

Numbers 8:5 then the lord said to moses,

Numbers 8:6 " take the lévites from the israelitans and clean them.

Numbers 8:7 and this is the same thing you should make for their purification : strow them with water of purification, and make their seed over their whole body and wash their clothes, so they will be clean.

Numbers 8:8 then they will take a beast with his annent sacrifice of four of fish seamassed with olie, and you will take a single beast as sacrifice for sin.

Numbers 8:9 bring the lévites before the tent of testimony and gather the whole group of the people of israel.

Numbers 8:10 then you will bring the lévites before the lord, and the israelites should put their hands on the leavs.

Numbers 8:11 so aaron will call the lévites to a offering for the lord from the people of israel, so that they must serve the work of the lord.

Numbers 8:12 then the levits must put his hands on the head of the bees, and bring the one as sacrifice for sin and the other as holocauve to the lord to make soning for them.

Numbers 8:13 you must put the levits before aaron and his sons, and you will bring them as offering in the presence of the lord.

Numbers 8:14 so divided the lévites from the israelitans, so the people will be my.

Numbers 8:15 after this the lévites will enter to work at the tabernacle of the testimony. then you will clean them and bring them before the lord.

Numbers 8:16 for they are given to me a gift from the israelitans. for the place of all the firstborn of all the israelites i have taken them for me.

Numbers 8:17 for all the firstborn among the people of israel are my. when i killed all the firstborn in the land of egypt, i healed them to me.

Numbers 8:18 and i received the lévites in place of all the firstborn among the people of israel.

Numbers 8:19 so i have given the levits to aaron and his sons from the israelitans, to work the service of the people of israel in the tent of testimony, and to make a expiation for the people of israel, so that there would not be there over the israelites when they approaching the sanctuary. "

Numbers 8:20 so moses and aaron and the whole israelitity did the levits what the lord had commanded moses about the lévites, so the israelites did with them.

Numbers 8:21 so the lévites were purified and washed their clothes, and aaron presented them in the presence of the lord. so aaron reconcilied them to read them.

Numbers 8:22 after this the lévites went in to serve their service in the tent of testimony before aaron and his sons. just as the lord had commanded moses about the lévites, so they did to them.

Numbers 8:23 then the lord said to moses,

Numbers 8:24 " this is the message about the lévites : from three and fighty years and outside will enter to work in the tent of testimony.

Numbers 8:25 from fifty years he must be rejected from their service and will not work again.

Numbers 8:26 but they will serve his fellow service in the tent of testimony, but do not work any work. so you should do to the levits according to their guards. "

Numbers 9:1 the lord said to moses in the wilderness of sinai, in the second year after they went out of egypt, in the first month, saying,

Numbers 9:2 " let the people of israel celebrate the passover at his time.

Numbers 9:3 " on the four fourth day of the first month, at the after, you should make it in their time. according to all his instructs and all his inscriptions you should observe it. "

Numbers 9:4 so moses said to the people of israel to celebrate the passover.

Numbers 9:5 they were performed in the wilderness of the four four day of the month. they were in the wilderness of sinai, as the lord had commanded him.

Numbers 9:6 now there were some men who had been unclean because of a human life, and they could not celebrate the passover on that day. so they came to moses and aaron at that day.

Numbers 9:7 and the men said to him, " we are unclean because of a human body. why must we need to bring the offering to the lord in his time among the people of israel ? "

Numbers 9:8 moses said to them, " stand here, so i will hear what the lord command about you. "

Numbers 9:9 then the lord said to moses,

Numbers 9:10 " tell the people of israel, saying, if anyone of you or of your generations will be impurity because of a human body or is in a ferl way, he should celebrate the passover for the lord.

Numbers 9:11 they should make it on the four day of the second month, on the afternoon, they will eat it with unleavened bread and bitter bread.

Numbers 9:12 they must not leave it until the morning and do not break the beast from it. they must celebrate it according to all the law of the passover.

Numbers 9:13 but if anyone is clean and does not be long way and finds to celebrate the passover, that person must be taken out of her people, because he did not offer the offering to the lord in his time. that man should receive his sin.

Numbers 9:14 " if a fremsling loses among you and does the passover for the lord, he must celebrate it according to the law of the passover, and according to the law of the passover, according to the law of the passover, and according to the law of the passover and according to the law of the passover.

Numbers 9:15 on the day the tabernacle was revealed, the cloud revealed the tabernacle, the tabernacle of the testimony, and on the afternoon the tabernacle was like a appearance of fire to the morning.

Numbers 9:16 this was always : the cloud reveled it day, and in the night a appearing of fire.

Numbers 9:17 now when the cloud rushed from the tabernacle, the israelites rushed up, and on the place where the cloud stood, there the israelites bowed his camp.

Numbers 9:18 according to the commandment of the lord the israelites rushed down and according to the commandment of the lord, all the days the cloud lived on the tabernacle.

Numbers 9:19 and whenever the cloud remained the tabernacle for many days, the israelites obeyed the commandment of the lord and did not go out.

Numbers 9:20 whenever the cloud was revealed for a tabernacle for a number, they stood according to the commandment of the lord and rushed up according to the commandment of the lord.

Numbers 9:21 and if the cloud was staring from the evening until the morning, the wolk came up and went away, day or night.

Numbers 9:22 a long day the israelites walked around her long days, the people of israel walked around it, but they will never run away.

Numbers 9:23 for according to the commandment of the lord they went away and obeyed the guard of the lord according to the commandment of the lord through moses.

Numbers 10:1 then the lord said to moses,

Numbers 10:2 " make two basars of silver, which you will make, so that they will be for you to call the congregment and to remove the leaders.

Numbers 10:3 when they blast them, the whole group will assemble together before him before the tabernacle of the testimony.

Numbers 10:4 but if they trumpet in one, the rulers, the rulers of the israelites, will approache you.

Numbers 10:5 when you blow the trumpet, the camp that bound against the east will go away.

Numbers 10:6 when you trumpet the second time, the leaders who are at the west will go away. then you will trumpet the third of the trumpet.

Numbers 10:7 but when you gather the group, you will trumpet but not sign.

Numbers 10:8 and the sons of aaron, the priests, must trumpet with the trumpet. this will be a eternal ordnung for you from generation to generation.

Numbers 10:9 " whenever you go out to combation in your land against the enemies who stand against you, then you will strike with the trumpet, and you will be remembered before your lord your god, and you will be saved from your enemies.

Numbers 10:10 in the days of your joy, in your feast, on your nears years, you will trumpet with the trumpet at your offering offerings and sacrifices of salvation, and they will be a remembrance for you before your god. i am the lord your god.

Numbers 10:11 on the second year, on the second month, on the fourth day of the month, the cloud stood up from the tent of testimony.

Numbers 10:12 so the israelites went up in the wilderness of sinai, and the cloud stood up in the wilderness of paran.

Numbers 10:13 so they went up the first time according to the message of the lord through moses.

Numbers 10:14 the first division of the leading of the people of judah went up with their families. over their lame was nahson, amminadab ' s son.

Numbers 10:15 and on the division of the exercito of the family of the sons of issaschar.

Numbers 10:16 and over the division of the tribe of the sons of zebulun was eliab, the son of helon.

Numbers 10:17 then the tabernacle was destroyed, and the sons of gerson and the sons of merari went away, carriing the tabernacle.

Numbers 10:18 then the bandier of the camp of ruben went away with their families. over their lame was elizur, the son of shedeuur.

Numbers 10:19 and over the division of the descendant of the sons of simeon was schelumiel, the son of tsurisaddai.

Numbers 10:20 and over the division of the tribe of the sons of gad was eljasaf, the son of deuel.

Numbers 10:21 then the cohats, who carried the sanctuary, went away and stood the tabernacle until they came.

Numbers 10:22 then the bander of the leading of the camp of ephraim went away with their families, and over his lame was elisama, the son of ammihud.

Numbers 10:23 and over the division of the descendant of the sons of manasseh was gamliel, the son of pedazur.

Numbers 10:24 and over the exercito of the tribe of the people of benjamin was abidan, gideoni ' s son.

Numbers 10:25 then the fellowship of the leading of the danites rushed, the last of all the leaders. over their lame was ahiezer, the son of ammisaddai.

Numbers 10:26 and over the division of the descendant of the sons of asser was pagiel, okran son.

Numbers 10:27 and over the division of the tribe of the stammes nafthali was ahira, the son of enan.

Numbers 10:28 this was the generations of the people of israel, hær for lame.

Numbers 10:29 then moses said to hobab, son of reguel the midian, moses ' wife, " we will go to the place where the lord said, i will give you. come with us and we will make you good, because the lord has spoken good about israel. "

Numbers 10:30 but he said to him, " i will not go, but i will go to my land and to my descendance. "

Numbers 10:31 but he said, " do not destroy us, because you are with us in the wilderness, and you will be our old.

Numbers 10:32 if you go with us, all these good things that the lord will give us, we will give you good. "

Numbers 10:33 so they went out from the mountain of the lord for three days, and the ark of the covenant was going ahead of them for three days, to esplete rest for them.

Numbers 10:35 when the ark was leading, moses said, " get up, lord, so that your enemies will be scattered, and those who hates you will be divided, and in the rest he says, " return, lord, thousand thousand people in israel ! "

Numbers 10:36 and when the cloud refused, he said, " send up, here, to the people of the people of israel ! "

Numbers 11:1 but the people were murmuring evil before the lord. when the lord heard this, his wrath was enraged, and the fire from the lord was burned among them and devoured the other side of the camp.

Numbers 11:2 then the people shouted out to moses, and moses prayed to the lord, and the fire started away.

Numbers 11:3 so they called that place taberah, because the fire of the lord was burned among them.

Numbers 11:4 the sexed people among them were encouraged, and even the israelites sat down and began to shout, " who will give us flesh ? "

Numbers 11:5 we remember the fish we were eating in egypt without reason, the gurkets, the melk, the chip, the knowles, the knowles, the knowles, the knowles, the knowles, the knowles, the knowles, the knowles, and the knowns.

Numbers 11:6 now now our soul is destroyed, nothing except the manna. "

Numbers 11:7 the manna was like corianianiand seed, and his appearance was like bdellic.

Numbers 11:8 the people were going over and gathered it, gathered it in doubles, threw it in backs, threw it in a wash, and made its grapes to it, and it was as a gate of broke with olive oil.

Numbers 11:9 when the daug came down on the camp at the night, the manna went down on it.

Numbers 11:10 moses heard that they were weeping for their familes, each of them by his door. so the spirit of the lord explanded great, and moses was evil in the presence of moses.

Numbers 11:11 then moses said to the lord, " why did you wrong your servant ? why did i not have found grace before you, to put all this people on me ?

Numbers 11:12 am i encouraged all this people, or have i fathered them, because you say to me, ' take him in your bound like a master takes the wife to the land that you swore to their ancestors ? '

Numbers 11:13 where do i have flesh to give all this people ? they weep for me and say, ' give us flesh that we may eat ! '

Numbers 11:14 " i am not able to bring all this people, because it is greater for me.

Numbers 11:15 but if you do this to me, bring me to death, if i have found mercy to your eyes, so that i may not see my affliction. "

Numbers 11:16 then the lord said to moses, " gather for me seventy-two men of the elders of israel, whom you know that they are the elders of the people and their experts in the law, and bring them before the tent of testimony, and stand there with you.

Numbers 11:17 then i will come down and speak there with you. i will take away from the spirit who is on you and put them on them, so that they will take up the order of the people with you, so that you will not bring it alone.

Numbers 11:18 and to the people say, ' be purified for the morrow, and you will eat flesh, because you shouted to ask to the lord, saying, ' who will eat us to eat ? it is good for us in egypt. then the lord will give you flesh, and you will eat.

Numbers 11:19 you will not eat one day, or two, or five days, or ten days, or a twenty days,

Numbers 11:20 but until a money, until it comes out of your neighters and become lame for you, because you rebelled the lord who is among you and shouted for his presence, saying, ' why did we go out of egypt ? "

Numbers 11:21 moses replied, " the people where i am among them will be 60000000man, and you say, ' i will give them flesh, and they will eat for a month month ? '

Numbers 11:22 will they slack sheep and hors for them so that they may be delighted ? or will the whole sea of the sea gather for them so that they may be pleasing ? "

Numbers 11:23 but the lord said to moses, " is the hand of the lord freed ? you will see if my message would be rejected or not. "

Numbers 11:24 then moses went out and spoke to the people the words of the lord. he gathered seventy-two men of the elders of the people and placed them along of the tabernacle.

Numbers 11:25 then the lord came down in a cloud and spoke to him. he took from the spirit who was on him and placed it on the seventy-two elders. when the spirit required on them, they began to prophesy, but they did not still.

Numbers 11:26 two men were left in the lead, the name of the one was eldad and the other medad. the spirit required them, because they were of those who had been written, but they did not come to the tent, but they began to prophesy in the leading.

Numbers 11:27 then a young man went and reported to moses and said, " eldad and medad prophesy in the leal. "

Numbers 11:28 then joshua, the son of nun, who was the minister of moses, answered, " lord moses, send them away ! "

Numbers 11:29 but moses said to him, " are you hard for me ? oh, if the whole people of the lord were prophets, that the lord would give his spirit on them ! "

Numbers 11:30 then moses went to the camp, he and the elders of israel.

Numbers 11:31 then a spirit came from the lord and revealed the rocks from the sea and put them on the camp, about a day from each side, and a journey from each side of the camp, about two years from the ground.

Numbers 11:32 so the people stood up the whole day, the whole night, the whole day, and the whole day, and the rest of the next day gathered. the one who had gathered a little home together, they gathered them around the camp.

Numbers 11:33 while they were still in their tends before it was swallowed up, the spirit of the lord flamed against the people, and he struck the people with a great plage.

Numbers 11:34 so they called that place kibrot-hattaava, because there they buried the people who were desired.

Numbers 11:35 from kibroth-hattaava the people left to hazeroth and stayed in hazeroth.

Numbers 12:1 mary and aaron said to moses because of the ethiops woman whom he had married, for he had married a etiopian woman.

Numbers 12:2 they asked, " has moses only spoken ? has he not spoken to us too ? " and the lord heard it.

Numbers 12:3 now moses was a sufferent man than all the others who were on the earth.

Numbers 12:4 immediately the lord said to moses, aaron, and mirjam, " come out to the tent of testimony ! " so they went out all three.

Numbers 12:5 then the lord came in a cloud of dark and stood before the tent of testimony. he called aaron and mary, and they went out both.

Numbers 12:6 then he said, " listen to my message ! if a prophet of you is among you, i will be known to him in a vision, and i will speak to him in a drom.

Numbers 12:7 so is not so with my servant moses. he is faithful in all my house.

Numbers 12:8 i will speak with him with the mouth, not by speech, and he has seen the lord ' s praise. why then did you not be afraid to speak about my servant moses ? "

Numbers 12:9 then the spirit of the lord flame against them, and he went away.

Numbers 12:10 when the cloud left the tabernacle, mirjam was leprosed like a snee, and aaron looked at mary, and look, she was a leprosy.

Numbers 12:11 aaron said to moses, " ach my lord, do not completion us because we have known what we have committed.

Numbers 12:12 let it not be like a death that comes out of the mouth of her mother, that will devour the half of her flesh. "

Numbers 12:13 then moses called to the lord and said, " o god, heal her !

Numbers 12:14 but the lord said to moses, " if her father was spyred into her face, she would not be honored seven days ? let she be rejected seven days outside the camp, and then she may come back outside the camp. "

Numbers 12:15 so mirjam was divided outside the camp for seven days, and the people did not rise until mary had been revealed.

Numbers 12:16 after this the people rushed from hazeroth and leaded to the wilderness of paran.

Numbers 13:1 then the lord said to moses,

Numbers 13:2 " send men to esplete the land of canaan that i give to the sons of israel. send a man from each of the familles of their ancestors, each one of their rulers. "

Numbers 13:3 so moses sent them out of the wilderness of paran according to the commandment of the lord.

Numbers 13:4 these are their names : from the tribe of ruben, selumiel, the son of zakcur ;

Numbers 13:5 from the tribe of simeon, shafat, the son of hori,

Numbers 13:6 from the tribe of judah, kaleb, the son of jefunne,

Numbers 13:7 from the tribe of issachar, jigal, the son of joseph,

Numbers 13:8 from the tribe of ephraim hosea, the son of nun,

Numbers 13:9 from the tribe of benjamin, palti, the son of raphus,

Numbers 13:10 from the tribe of zebulun, gaddiel, the son of sodi,

Numbers 13:11 for the tribe of joseph, from the descendants of manasseh, gaddi, the son of susi,

Numbers 13:12 from the tribe of dan, ammiel, the son of gemalli,

Numbers 13:13 from the tribe of aser, setur, the son of michael,

Numbers 13:14 from the tribe of naphtali, nachbi, the son of vofsi,

Numbers 13:15 from the tribe of gad, gaddiel, the son of machi,

Numbers 13:16 these are the name of the men moses sent to reach the land. then moses called hosea, son of nun, jesus.

Numbers 13:17 when moses had sent them to explete the land of canaan, moses said to them, " put up to the wilderness and ascend to the mountain.

Numbers 13:18 and see what the land is, and the people who live there, whether it is powerful or weak, whether they are few or many,

Numbers 13:19 and what is the land where they live, whether it is good or evil, and what are the towns where they live, whether they are in murts or places.

Numbers 13:20 and what is the earth, whether it is frunk or most, whether there is trees or not. hold attentious and take some of the fruit of the earth. " ( now it was the time of the beginning of the ersten druck.

Numbers 13:21 so they went up and esplated the land from the wilderness of zin until rehob in the region of hamath.

Numbers 13:22 they went up to the wilderness and came to hebron. there were ahiman, sesai, and talmai, the descendants of anaah. hebron was built seven years before zoan in egypt.

Numbers 13:23 then they came to the vall escol, where they threw a rantel with a druge druck, and they carried it on a dragon, with granathes and figs.

Numbers 13:24 they called that place the rover escol because of the tross that the children of israel had cut off there.

Numbers 13:25 after firty days they returned when they examined the earth.

Numbers 13:26 they went and went to moses, aaron, and all the people of israel, to the wilderness of paran, to kades, and told them and to the whole group, and they showed the fruit of the earth.

Numbers 13:27 they reported to him and said, " we went to the land where you sent us. it is a land spring with milk and honey, and this is its fruit.

Numbers 13:28 but the nation who lives in it is great and the city are formed and great. we have seen there the descendants of anac.

Numbers 13:29 the amalecites live in the region of the negev, the hetiter, the jebusees, and the amoritans live in the mountains, but the cananes live by the sea and by the jordan river. "

Numbers 13:30 then caleb seized the people to moses and said, " let us go up and take it in possession, for we will understand them. "

Numbers 13:31 but the men who had accompanied him said, " we cannot ascend against this nation, because they are more powerful than we. "

Numbers 13:32 then they trapped the land that they had revealed for the people of israel, saying, " the land we went over to explete it is a land who eats those who live there, and all the people that we have seen there are greater men.

Numbers 13:33 and there we saw the giganes, the giganites. and we were like locusts in their presence, but we too were with them too. "

Numbers 14:1 then the whole group raised his voice, and they shouted, and the people weeped that night.

Numbers 14:2 all the people of israel murmured against moses and aaron, and the whole group said to them, " may we have died in egypt or in this wilderness !

Numbers 14:3 why will the lord bring us into this land, so that we may fall by the fil ? our women and children will become rov. is it not better for us to turn to egypt ? "

Numbers 14:4 they said to another another, " let us give a ruler and return to egypt. "

Numbers 14:5 then moses and aaron fell down his face to the ground before the whole group of the people of israel.

Numbers 14:6 now joshua, the son of nun, and caleb, the son of jefunne, who were among those who were esplorted the land, tore their clothes.

Numbers 14:7 they said to the whole israelitity, " the land we have escount it is great good.

Numbers 14:8 if the lord is mercy to us, he will bring us into this land and give it to us, a land that flues mild and honey.

Numbers 14:9 but do not rebell against the lord and do not be afraid against the people of the earth, because they are our food. their time has left from them, and the lord is with us. do not be afraid of them. "

Numbers 14:10 then the whole group said to stone them with stones. but the glory of the lord appeared on the tent of testimony to all the people of israel.

Numbers 14:11 then the lord said to moses, " how long will this people provoke me ? and how long will they not believe me in all the miraculous signs i have done among them ?

Numbers 14:12 i will strike it with pest and destroy them, but you will make you a greater and greater nation than he. "

Numbers 14:13 but moses said to the lord, " the egyptians will hear that you have brought this people up from among them by your power.

Numbers 14:14 they will also say to all who live in this land. they have heard that you, lord, are among this people, that you, lord, are seen with this people, and that your cloud is standing on them, and that you go before them on a cloud of dark the day and in a fiery kolonne in the night.

Numbers 14:15 if you destroy this people as one man, the nations who have heard your name will say,

Numbers 14:16 " because the lord cannot bring this people into the land he had sworn to them, he destroyed them in the wilderness. ' "

Numbers 14:17 now then may your power be exalted, lord, just as you have spoken :

Numbers 14:18 ' the lord is patient and great of mercy, who rejects lawlessness, unrighteousness, and sin, but does not reject the one who is innocent, but rejects the sins of the ancestors on children until the third and fourth children. '

Numbers 14:19 forgive this people the sins according to your great mercy, just as you forgive this people from egypt until now. "

Numbers 14:20 so the lord said, " i have forgiven according to your message.

Numbers 14:21 but so to the life i live and the whole earth will be filled with the glory of the lord :

Numbers 14:22 for all the men who have seen my glory and my miraculous signs i have done in egypt and in the wilderness, and who have tenged me for a tifth time and did not listen to my voice,

Numbers 14:23 they will not see the land that i swore to their ancestors, except their children with me, who do not know good or evil. all those who rebelled me will not see it.

Numbers 14:24 but because my servant kaleb has been another spirit and he has followed me, i will bring him into the land where he has entered, and his descendants will possessy it.

Numbers 14:25 now when the amalekians and the canaans live in the vald, return tomorrow and go away into the wilderness on the way of the red sea. "

Numbers 14:26 then the lord said to moses and aaron,

Numbers 14:27 " how much longer will i hear this evil people who murmures against me ? i have heard the murmurts of the sons of israel that they murmured against me.

Numbers 14:28 tell them, ' so as i live, says the lord, i will do with you just as you have spoken to my ears.

Numbers 14:29 your dead dead will fall in this wilderness, and all your number from twenty years and outside, who murmured against me,

Numbers 14:30 you will not enter the land that i called you to live in it except kaleb, the son of jefunne, and joshua, the son of nun.

Numbers 14:31 but your children you said that they will be a prisoner, i will bring them into the land and they will inherit the land you have rejected.

Numbers 14:32 but your body will fall into this wilderness.

Numbers 14:33 your sons will be buried in the wilderness for firty years, and they will bring your sexual immorality until your dead dead are consumed in the wilderness.

Numbers 14:34 according to the number of the days you revealed the earth for firty days, for a day for the year, you will receive your sins for firty years, so that you will know my wrath.

Numbers 14:35 " i, the lord, have spoken ! so i will do to all these evil people who assembled against me : they will be taken away in this wilderness and there they will dö. "

Numbers 14:36 the men moses had sent to remind the land, who returned and murmured the whole group against it, explaining evil things about the earth,

Numbers 14:37 the men who had rejected the earth were dead by the plage before the lord.

Numbers 14:38 but jesus, the son of nun, and kaleb, the son of jephunne, were alive from those men who had gone over to esploration the land.

Numbers 14:39 moses said these words to all the people of israel, and the people were greatly mourning.

Numbers 14:40 the morning they got up the morning and went up the topp of the mountain, saying, " look, now we are going up to the place that the lord has spoken, because we have sinned. "

Numbers 14:41 but moses said, " why do you transgress the commandment of the lord ? it will not be right for you.

Numbers 14:42 do not ascend, for the lord is not with you, so that you will fall down before your enemies.

Numbers 14:43 for the amalekians and the canaans are there before you, and you will fall by the sword, because you have turned off from their rebellion against the lord, and the lord will not be with you. "

Numbers 14:44 but they were abandoned and went up on the top of the mountain, but the ark of the covenant of the lord and moses did not depart from the camp.

Numbers 14:45 then the amalekians and the cananeens who lived on that mountain went down and swallowed them down and cut them down to horma.

Numbers 15:1 then the lord said to moses,

Numbers 15:2 " speak to the people of israel and tell them, when you enter the land i give you to live,

Numbers 15:3 and you will offer a sacrifice to the lord, a offering offering or a sacrifice, to make a promise, or free, or in your feast, to make a geney of a geney for the lord, if it is from hors or sheep.

Numbers 15:4 then the one who offers his gift to the lord will bring a fourth of a hin flour, secured with a fourth hin olive oil,

Numbers 15:5 and to each lamb you will bring a fourth hin of hin the sacrifice to the law or on the sacrifice to the sacrifice to the lamb.

Numbers 15:6 if you offeres a ramb, you will bring a sacrifice of two tiefs of a efa fish secured with a third hin olive oine.

Numbers 15:7 then you will bring a third of a hin to drink for a lifts of angose appearing to the lord.

Numbers 15:8 if you offer a beast for a holocaust or a sacrifice to make a promise or a salvation for the lord,

Numbers 15:9 then by the beast, you will bring a sacrifice of four of fleur fint floor seamassed with a half hin of olive oil,

Numbers 15:10 and to the sacrifice of it will be a half hin of a hin to a angeness of a geney suave for jahwe.

Numbers 15:11 so must be done for each of the bears, for each beast, for each beast of the sheep or of the boats.

Numbers 15:12 according to the number you have done will you do with each one according to their number.

Numbers 15:13 every individual person should practice such things to bring a fruit of a lifful duft for the lord.

Numbers 15:14 if a fremdeling who is among you or who is among you in your generations, and does a sacrifice of a lifful wood to the lord, he should do just as you are done.

Numbers 15:15 there must be a single law for you and for the extrancy among you. this is a eternal law for generations. this must be like you, and the extrancy must be before the lord.

Numbers 15:16 there must be a same law and one judgment for you and for the fremder who lives among you. "

Numbers 15:17 then the lord said to moses,

Numbers 15:18 " speak to the people of israel and tell them, when you enter the land where i bring you,

Numbers 15:19 and you will eat the bread of the land, you will offer the offering of a offering to the lord.

Numbers 15:20 apart the first food of your food as a offering offered, as a offering from the dresser.

Numbers 15:21 the first food of your seed you will give the offering of a offering for the lord in generations.

Numbers 15:22 " but if you have sinned and not fulfilled all these commandments that the lord has spoken to moses,

Numbers 15:23 everything that the lord commanded you by moses from the day the lord commanded you and instead to your generation,

Numbers 15:24 if the whole group has been defealed from ignorance, the whole group will bring a ung to a beast as a holocaust of a angeness to a angeness of angeness to a angeness to a angeness to a angeness to a angeness for sin.

Numbers 15:25 then the priest will reconciliare all the people of israel, and there will be forgiven, because they were free, and they have brought their offering, a offering offering to the lord, and their sin for their sins for the presence of the lord because of their unbelieving.

Numbers 15:26 then the whole people of israel and the extrancy who lives among them will be forgiven, because all the people had been forgiven of unknowledge.

Numbers 15:27 but if someone sins by ignorance, he will bring a year one year as sacrifice for sin.

Numbers 15:28 then the priest will make a expication for the person who has sinned without ignorance before the lord, to make expication for him.

Numbers 15:29 there must be a single law for those who live among the people of israel and for the extrancy who lives among them.

Numbers 15:30 but if someone encourages the lord with a arrogant hand, whether it is indive or extranying, insult the lord, and that person must be taken out of her own people.

Numbers 15:31 for he has disjected the word of the lord and has destroyed his commandments. that person must be taken away ; it is his sin against it. "

Numbers 15:32 when the israelites were in the wilderness, they found a man gathering tree on the sabbath day.

Numbers 15:33 those who found him to gather tree brought him before moses and aaron and all the people.

Numbers 15:34 and they put him into prison, because they had not decided what they should do.

Numbers 15:35 then the lord said to moses, " the man must be put to death. the whole group must stone him by the stone. "

Numbers 15:36 then the whole group brought him out of the camp and stone him to death, just as the lord had commanded moses.

Numbers 15:37 then the lord said to moses,

Numbers 15:38 " speak to the israelites and tell them to make themselves hains on the breasts of their cloaks in their generations, and put a clow of pers clothing on the hains of the heads.

Numbers 15:39 if you see it, you will remember all the commandments of the lord and obey them, so that you will not follow your mind or eyes with which you are sexual immorality.

Numbers 15:40 so that you may remember and obey all my commandments and be holy for your god.

Numbers 15:41 i am the lord your god, who led you out of the land of egypt to be your god. i am the lord your god. "

Numbers 16:1 now korah, son of jizhar, son of cahat, son of levi, said with dathan and abiram, eliiab ' s sons, and on the son of pelet, the son of ruben,

Numbers 16:2 so two hundred and fifty people of the sons of israel stood up to moses, two hundred and fifty people, rulers of the congregment, believers.

Numbers 16:3 they stood together against moses and aaron and said, " it is against you ! for the whole group, all you are holy, and the lord is among them. why then are you staring over the group of the lord ? "

Numbers 16:4 when moses heard this, he fell his face to the ground

Numbers 16:5 then he spoke to korah and to his whole group, saying, " god will recognize the one who is his and the one who is holy, and he will bring him approaching himself, and the one he chose will come to him.

Numbers 16:6 take this : take for yourselves incenses, korah and all his completion,

Numbers 16:7 tomorrow, put a fire on them and put incense on them before the lord tomorrow, and the man whom the lord chosen will be the holy. you are great, you people of levi ! "

Numbers 16:8 then moses said to korah, " listen to me, you people of levi !

Numbers 16:9 is it not a little for you that the god of israel has seized you from the group of israel and brought you before himself to serve the service of the tabernacle of the lord and stand before the congregment to serve them ?

Numbers 16:10 he brought you and all your brothers, the sons of levi, with you, and you think to become priests.

Numbers 16:11 so you and your whole crowd murmured against the lord. for what is aaron that you murmures against him ? "

Numbers 16:12 so moses sent to call dathan and abiram, the sons of eliab. but they said, " we will not ascend ! "

Numbers 16:13 is it not a little longer that you have brought us up from a land spring with mælk and honey, to put us to death in the wilderness ?

Numbers 16:14 even if you have brought us in a land spring of milk and honor, and gave us a possession of the field and the vineyard. would you reject those men ' s eyes ? we will not ascend ! "

Numbers 16:15 moses became indignated in great anger and said to the lord, " do not learn to their sacrifice. i have received no desire of them or sharing anyone of them. "

Numbers 16:16 then moses said to korah, " you and all your household must be ready before the lord, you, they and aaron.

Numbers 16:17 each of you take his incensce and put incense on them, and bring for the lord, each of you his incensce, two hundred fifty. you and aaron will take each one his incensce. "

Numbers 16:18 then each of them took his incensed, placed fire in them, threw incense on it and stood before the tent of samekness, both moses and aaron.

Numbers 16:19 so korah assembled the whole group against them by the door of the tent of testimony. then the glory of the lord appeared to the whole group.

Numbers 16:20 and the lord said to moses and aaron,

Numbers 16:21 " go away from this group, so that i will destroy them in a single while. "

Numbers 16:22 but they fell down with their face to the ground and said, " o god, god of the spirits of all the flesh ! if one man sins, you will anger on the whole group ? "

Numbers 16:23 then the lord said to moses,

Numbers 16:24 " tell the whole group, " leave around from the group of korah. "

Numbers 16:25 so moses got up and went to dathan and abiram, and the elders of israel went with him.

Numbers 16:26 then he said to the synagogue, " throw yourselves away from these hard men ' s tenths and touch nothing of what is for them, so that you will not perish because of all their sins ! "

Numbers 16:27 so they turned away from the tabernacle of korah, dathan and abiram. dathan and abiram came out and stood in the door of their tents with their wives, their children, their children, and their children.

Numbers 16:28 moses said, " by this you will know that the lord has sent me to do all these deeds, and not from my own affection.

Numbers 16:29 " if these people mors according to death of all humanity, if they are examined as all humanity, the lord has not sent me.

Numbers 16:30 but if the lord shows a unform, and the earth openes his mouth and kill them with everything they possess, and they leave living into the hades, then you will know that these men have provoked the lord. "

Numbers 16:31 when he had finished saying these words, the earth died under them.

Numbers 16:32 the earth opened their opening and swallowed them, their families, all the people of korah, and all their lives.

Numbers 16:33 so they and all their possessions went down into the hades, and the earth revealed them, and they were divided from the crowd.

Numbers 16:34 all the people of israel who were around them flowed off their voice, because they asked that the earth would not destroy us.

Numbers 16:35 then a fire came out from the lord and devoured the two hundred and fifty men who had offered the incense.

Numbers 16:36 the lord said to moses,

Numbers 16:37 thus to eleazar, the son of aaron the priest, take the incenses from the incense and take the fire to the others, for they are sanctified.

Numbers 16:38 because they are brought before the lord and were sanctified, it will be a sign for the people of israel. for they were brought them before the lord and were sanctified. so they will be a sign for the people of israel. "

Numbers 16:39 eleasar the son of aaron, the priest, took the kopers of bronze that the people had offered, and they placed them as a curce for the altar,

Numbers 16:40 there is a different offering for the people of israel, so that no enemy who does not belong to the descendants of aaron to offer offering incense before the lord, so that there would not be like korah and his completion, as the lord had spoken through moses.

Numbers 16:41 the next day all the people of israel murmured against moses and aaron, saying, " you have killed the people of the lord ! "

Numbers 16:42 when the congregment spread around moses and aaron, they went up to the tent of testimony, and that the cloud revealed it, and the glory of the lord appeared.

Numbers 16:43 moses and aaron went in and went before the tabernacle of the testimony.

Numbers 16:44 in this way the lord spoke to moses and aaron and said,

Numbers 16:45 " set yourselves away from this group, so i will destroy them in one moment. " so they fell down with their face to the ground.

Numbers 16:46 moses said to aaron, " take the incense and put a fire from the altar and put incense on it and go quicchly into the camp and make soning for them, for anger has gone from the presence of the lord, the plague has come. "

Numbers 16:47 aaron took what moses had promised, and went into the synagogue, and look, the plage had already completed among the people. then he offered the incense and reconcilied the people.

Numbers 16:48 in the journey, he stood before the dead and the living, and the plage has passed away.

Numbers 16:49 there was four and four thousand seven thousand who were dead in the plage, except those who were dead because of korah.

Numbers 16:50 aaron went back to moses, to the door of the tent of testimony, and the plage had passed.

Numbers 17:1 the lord said to moses,

Numbers 17:2 " you must speak to the people of israel and take of them a staff for each of their families, from all their rulers, according to the house of their families, twelve staves. write each person ' s name on his staff.

Numbers 17:3 you must write the name of aaron on the staff of levi, for they will give a staff for each of the familles of their ancestors.

Numbers 17:4 you will put them in order and put them in the tent of testimony before the testimony where i will be known with you.

Numbers 17:5 it will be just as the man i chose will destroy. so i will destroy from me the murmuraces of the sons of israel that they murmures against you. "

Numbers 17:6 " in the same way moses said to the israelites, and all their rulers gave him a staff for each ruler, each of the rulers of their families, twelve staves. the staff of aaron was among their staff.

Numbers 17:7 moses put the scrolles before the lord in the tent of testimony.

Numbers 17:8 the next day moses entered the tent of testimony, and look, the staf of aaron, the family of levi, was broken out of the house of levi, the branch of levi.

Numbers 17:9 moses brought the whole scroll out from the presence of the lord to all the people of israel. when they saw it, each one took his staff.

Numbers 17:10 the lord said to moses : " put aaron ' stone back before the testimony in the presence of the testimony as a sign for a sign for the rebelles, so that their murmuraces will be destroyed from me so they will not be died. "

Numbers 17:11 moses did it so as he had commanded him. as the lord commanded him, so they did.

Numbers 17:12 the people of israel said to moses, " look, we are died, we are perishing, we are perishing !

Numbers 17:13 every person who touches the tabernacle of the lord will be died. can we not find us ? "

Numbers 18:1 then the lord said to aaron, " you and your sons and your family with you will receive the sins of the sanctuary, and you and your sons with you will receive the sins of your priesthood.

Numbers 18:2 and you also may bring your brothers, the tribe of levi, the family of your father, and they will go with you and serve you, but you and your sons with you will be before the tent of testimony.

Numbers 18:3 they will obey your service and the service of the whole tabernacle, but they should not approw to the gegenjects of the sanctuary or to the altar so that they and you will not be died.

Numbers 18:4 they will be along with you and keep the service of the tent of testimony with all the service of the tabernacle, but the uneier must not come to you.

Numbers 18:5 you must obey the service of the sanctuary and the service of the altar, so that there will not be anger on the people of israel.

Numbers 18:6 so i have received your brothers the lévites from the tribe of the people of israel, given a gift to the lord to serve the service at the tent of testimony.

Numbers 18:7 but you and your sons with you will obey your priesthood in everything that is before the altar and the inside of the curtain, and you will serve the service. i give you the gift to your priesthood, but the uneigning who approches must be died. "

Numbers 18:8 and the lord said to aaron, " look, i have given you the guard of my offering offerings. i have given it to you and to your sons for a eternal instance.

Numbers 18:9 this is which you take from the höatful things from the offering offering : all their offerings, all their sacrifices and all their sacrifices for sin, which they will give me. it is höghly greatly for you and to your sons.

Numbers 18:10 you will eat it in the holy place. every child must eat it. it will be a holy.

Numbers 18:11 this is the offering offering of their offering : all the offering offerings of the people of israel i have given to you, to your sons and your daughters with you. this is a eternal ordation. everyone who is clean in your house will eat it.

Numbers 18:12 all the first offering of the olives, the first best of the wine and of the wheat, their first offeres that they donks to the lord, i give to you.

Numbers 18:13 the first produce of everything that is in their land that they offers to the lord will be your ; everyone who is clean in your house will eat it.

Numbers 18:14 everything that is divided in israel will be your.

Numbers 18:15 every person who causes mouth of every flesh that they offers to the lord, both people or beast will be yours, but the firstborn of people will be redeemed, and you will release the firstborn of unclean beast.

Numbers 18:16 the redemption of him will be redempted from a month year, belonging to five siclos according to the sicl of the sanctuary.

Numbers 18:17 " you must not free the firstborn of the bear or sheep or sheep. they are holy, and you will strow their blood on the altar, and you will brenne their flesh as a libry wood for the lord.

Numbers 18:18 their flesh will be your, as the brust of the cursion and the right book will be your.

Numbers 18:19 all the offering offering of the saints offerings that the israelites offers to the lord, i have given you, your sons and your daughters with you. this is a eternal instance for the lord for you and your descendants after you. "

Numbers 18:20 and the lord said to aaron, " you will not take possession in their country, and you will have no part among them. i am your part and your possession among the people of israel.

Numbers 18:21 now i have given all the tighty of the people of israel as a possession for their ministry that they serve in the tent of testimony.

Numbers 18:22 so the people of israel must not come to the tent of testimony, so that they will not take sin and be died.

Numbers 18:23 but the levites must serve the ministry on the tent of testimony, and they will receive their sins. this is a eternal instance for all their generations, and they will not possess an inheritance among the people of israel.

Numbers 18:24 for i have given the tiefs of the sons of israel that they offers to the lord of a offering, i have given to the levits to possession. therefore i said to them, ' they will not possess possession among the people of israel. "

Numbers 18:25 then the lord said to moses,

Numbers 18:26 " to the lévites speak and say to them, " if you receive from the sons of israel the tighth of what i have given you from them to possession, you will take a offering offering to the lord, a tighth of the tighth.

Numbers 18:27 it will be given to you your offering offering, like the wheat from the dresser and the present offering from the winepress.

Numbers 18:28 so you also will accept the offering offering to the lord from all your tienden offerings that you take from the sons of israel, and you will give a offering offering to the lord to aaron the priest.

Numbers 18:29 from all your offerings you will offery a offering for the lord from all your offerings.

Numbers 18:30 and tell them, whenever you take the best of it, it will be counted to the levits as produce of the dresser and like the produce of the winepress.

Numbers 18:31 you will eat it in every place, you and your familes, because this is your reward for your service in the tent of testimony.

Numbers 18:32 if you offered the best of it, you will not receive sin because you offered the best of it, and you will not defile the holy things of the sons of israel so that you may not be died. "

Numbers 19:1 and the lord said to moses and aaron,

Numbers 19:2 " this is the letter of the law that the lord commanded : tell the israelites to bring a fearing, fearing a fear without fear, which is without fear and on which there has not been thrown a yoke.

Numbers 19:3 give it to the priest eleazar, who will bring it out of the camp and kill it before him.

Numbers 19:4 then eleazar, the son of eleazar, will take it of her blood seven times in the presence of the tabernacle of the testimony seven times.

Numbers 19:5 and it will burn it in his presence ; its beat, its flesh, her blood and her labor must be burned up.

Numbers 19:6 then the priest will take cedru of cedron, isop, and scarlet clothing, and throw them into the middle of the beast.

Numbers 19:7 then the priest will wash his clothes, baat his body in water, and then he must enter the camp. but the priest will be imclean until the afternoon.

Numbers 19:8 and the one who burns it should wash his clothes, bad his body and be clean until the afternoon.

Numbers 19:9 then a innocent man must gather the foot of the beast and put it outside of the camp in a clean place, and it will be revealed to the group of the israelites for the water of purification. it is a purification.

Numbers 19:10 the one who gather the seed of the beast must wash his clothes and will be imclean until the afternoon. this is a eternal instance for the people of israel and the fremdents who live there.

Numbers 19:11 the person who touches a dead person will be impurity for seven days.

Numbers 19:12 on the third and seventh day he will be purified and will be clean. but if he does not be purified on the third day and on the seventh day, he will not be clean.

Numbers 19:13 " whoever touches a dead person of a human body and does not be purified, has defiled the tabernacle of the lord. that person must be taken out of israel, because it has not been washed on purification, he is impurity ; his unclean body is still in him.

Numbers 19:14 this is the law : whenever a person is died in a tent : everyone who comes into the house and all that is in the house will be clean for seven days.

Numbers 19:15 every open gegenject, on which it is not imprisoned, it is unclean.

Numbers 19:16 whoever touches a seated on the field of a hair, a near, a human flesh or a tomb will be impurity for seven days.

Numbers 19:17 to the unclean person they will take from the seed of the incensed, and will put living water on it in a vast.

Numbers 19:18 then a unclean man will take isop and tauch it in the water and strow it on the house, on all the vattle, and on the people there are, and on the one who touches the flesh of man or the killed or the dead or the tomb.

Numbers 19:19 the one who is pure must strow the unclean on the third and on the siventh day, and he will be purified on the seventh day. then he should wash his clothes and bade himself in water, so he will be imclean.

Numbers 19:20 but if anyone is defiled and does not be purified, that person must be taken out of the crowd, because he has rejected the sanctuary of the lord. the purification has not been cursed on him, he is impurity.

Numbers 19:21 this must be a eternal ordation for you. the one who rakes out the water of purification should wash his clothes. and the one who touches the purification will be imclean until the afternoon.

Numbers 19:22 whatever impurity touches, it will be impurity, and the person who touchs it will be impurity until the afternoon.

Numbers 20:1 the whole israelit, the whole group, came to the wilderness of zin in the first month, and the people stayed in kades. there marjam died and was buried there.

Numbers 20:2 but the synagogue had no water, so they assembled against moses and aaron.

Numbers 20:3 so the people rebuked moses and said, " may we have died when our brothers were divided before the lord !

Numbers 20:4 why then have you brought the group of the lord into this wilderness to kill we and our beast ?

Numbers 20:5 why did you bring us out of egypt to bring us into this evil place ? there is no place where it is not sown, or figs or vineyard or granathes, and there is no water to drink ? "

Numbers 20:6 then moses and aaron went away from the group to the door of the tent of testimony and fell down his face to the ground. then the glory of the lord appeared to them.

Numbers 20:7 then the lord said to moses,

Numbers 20:8 " take the staff and gather the whole group, you and aaron your brother, and speak to the stone in their eyes, and it will give its water. then you will bring water from the rock and give the people and their lives to drink. "

Numbers 20:9 so moses took the staff that was before the lord, as he had commanded him.

Numbers 20:10 then moses and aaron gathered the group before the rock, and he said to them, " listen to me, you disobedient ! we will bring water out from this rock for you ? "

Numbers 20:11 then moses looked up and struck the rock to two times with his staff, and many water came out. so the people and their business drinked.

Numbers 20:12 but the lord said to moses and aaron, " because you did not believe me to make me holy before the people of israel, then you will not bring this people into the land i have given to them. "

Numbers 20:13 this was the water of meriba, because the people of israel were insulted against the lord and he was healed among them.

Numbers 20:14 then moses sent messengers from kades to the king of edom, to say, " so says your brother israel, ' you know all the hard work that has found us.

Numbers 20:15 our ancestors went down to egypt and spended us in egypt for many days, but the egyptians wrong us and our ancestors.

Numbers 20:16 then we cried to the lord, and he heard our voice. he sent a angel and brought us out of egypt. now we are in cades, a city on the other side of your region.

Numbers 20:17 let us go through your land. we will not pass through mark or vineyard or drink water from the grouts. we will go the royal way, we will not leave the right or left, until we pass through your regions. "

Numbers 20:18 but edom said to him, " you will not pass through my through. if not, i will go out against you by a battle. "

Numbers 20:19 the israelites said to him, " we will pass through the room. if we or our business drink from your water, we will give you honor. it is nothing that we will pass away. "

Numbers 20:20 but he replied, " you will not pass through me. " so edom went out against him with a large crowd and a strong hand.

Numbers 20:21 so edom would not want israel to go through his region. so israel departed from it.

Numbers 20:22 then the people of israel, the whole group, went from cades and came to the mountain hor.

Numbers 20:23 now the lord said to moses and aaron at the mountain or, on the region of the land of edom, saying,

Numbers 20:24 " aaron will remain with his people, for he will never enter the land i have given to the people of israel because you rebelled me by the water of meriba.

Numbers 20:25 take aaron and his son eleazar and bring them up on the mountain or.

Numbers 20:26 then put his clothes off aaron and put him on his son eleazar. aaron will be toward aaron and will be died there. "

Numbers 20:27 moses did just as the lord had commanded. they went up on the mountain hor in the presence of the whole group.

Numbers 20:28 then moses threw off aaron his clothes and put his son eleazar on them, and aaron died on the top of the mountain. then moses and eleazar went down from the mountain.

Numbers 20:29 when the whole group saw that aaron had been killed, they shouted about aaron thirty days, all the house of israel.

Numbers 21:1 now when the cananan, the king of arad, who habited the wilderness, heard that israel had come through the way of atharim, he streyed against israel and took some of them captives.

Numbers 21:2 so israel promised a promise to the lord and said, " if you give this people in my hand, i will destruy their towns. "

Numbers 21:3 and the lord heard the voice of israel and gave the kanaans in his hand, and they destroyed them and their cities. so they called that place horma.

Numbers 21:4 so they left the mountain or went on the way to the red sea so that they walked around the land of edom. so the people were distressed on the way.

Numbers 21:5 then the people were speaking against god and moses, saying, " why have you led us out of egypt to kill in the wilderness ? for there is no bread or water, and our life has completed this during bread. "

Numbers 21:6 then the lord sent serpents among the people, and they began to teach the people, and many people from israel died.

Numbers 21:7 so the people came to moses and said, " we have sinned because we have spoken against the lord and against you. pray to the lord to depart from us the serpents. " so moses prayed for the people.

Numbers 21:8 then the lord said to moses, " make a serpent and put it on a sign. then everyone who is bound and sees it will live. "

Numbers 21:9 so moses made a copper serpent and placed it on a sign. whenever a serpent was taught, he looked at the bronce serpent, he leaved.

Numbers 21:10 so the israelites rushed and bowed camp in oboth.

Numbers 21:11 they left oboth and legered in ije-abarim in the wilderness that is before moab, on the east of the sun.

Numbers 21:12 from there they went and camp in the vall zered.

Numbers 21:13 from there they went up from there and lead to the other side of the arnon, in the wilderness, that comes from the region of the amoreens. for arnon is the region of moab, among moab and the amoreens.

Numbers 21:14 for this reason it is said in the book of the battle of the lord : " suchob sochob and the rivers of arnon

Numbers 21:15 and the rivers of the rivers of er, who present to the region of moab.

Numbers 21:16 from there they went to beer. this is the put about whom the lord said to moses, " gather the people, so i will give them water. "

Numbers 21:17 then israel canted this cantice : " o brunn ! cance this ! "

Numbers 21:18 a well that the rulers grow for him, the rulers of the nations, with their rulers, with their rulers. " then from the ground they went to mattana,

Numbers 21:19 from mattana to nahaliel, from nahaliel to bamoth,

Numbers 21:20 from bamoth the dal that is in the room of moab, on the top of pisga, that is, to the face of the wilderness.

Numbers 21:21 then moses sent messagers to sihon, king of the amorear, saying,

Numbers 21:22 " let us go through your land. we will not turn to the field or to the vineyard or drink water from your puts. we will go the road of the kingdom until we pass through your region. "

Numbers 21:23 but sihon did not give israel to pass through his region, but assembled all his people and went out to combation against israel in the wilderness, and went to jahas and streyed against israel.

Numbers 21:24 but israel seized him with the sword of the sword and possessed his land from arnon to jabbok, to the sons of ammon, because the region of the ammonites was possessed.

Numbers 21:25 so israel took all these towns, and in all the regions of the amoritans, in hesbon and in all the villages of it.

Numbers 21:26 for hesbon was the city of sihon, king of the amoreens, who had combatted against the first king of moab and received all his land from arnon to arnon.

Numbers 21:27 for this reason the spotter say, " come to hesbon ! rebuild and be prepared, the city of sihon !

Numbers 21:28 for a fire came out of hesbon, a flamm from the city of sihon, who devored moab and the pallages of the arnons.

Numbers 21:29 woe to you, moab ! you have killed, you people of kemos ! they have delivered his sons and their daughters captives to sihon, the king of the amoritans !

Numbers 21:30 we have died them, hesbon died to dibon, we were destroyed to dibon. " and we have come to dibon. "

Numbers 21:31 so israel died in the region of the amoreens.

Numbers 21:32 so moses sent out to esplorate jazer, and they welcomed its villages, and threw the amoritans who was there.

Numbers 21:33 so they returned and went on the way to basan. og the king of basan went out against them, he and all his people, to combation to edrei.

Numbers 21:34 but the lord said to moses, " do not be afraid of him, for i have transformed him and all his people and his land. do to him just as you have done to sihon, the king of the amoreens, who residing in hesbon. "

Numbers 21:35 so they struck him and his sons and all his people, so that no one left him, and they possessed his land.

Numbers 22:1 so the israelites rushed and legered the campends of moab along the jordan river over jericho.

Numbers 22:2 now balak, the son of zippor, saw everything israel had done with the amoreens.

Numbers 22:3 moab became greatly afraid of the people because they were many, and moab became distressed before the people of israel.

Numbers 22:4 then the moabits said to the elders of midian, " now this people will destroy all who are around us, just as the beast lives the ground of the field. " now balak the son of zippor was king of moab at that time.

Numbers 22:5 he sent senderers to balaam, the son of beor, to petor, that is by the river, in the land of his people to call him, saying, " look, a people has come out of egypt, who has coopped the face of the earth and sat down at me.

Numbers 22:6 now come now and praise this people for me, for it is more powerful than i am. if i can strike it, i will drive them out of the earth. for i know that the one you praise is blessed, and whom you curse is bleved. "

Numbers 22:7 so the elders of moab and the elders of midian went out with their commands in their hand. when they came to balaam, they told him the words of balak.

Numbers 22:8 he said to them, " stay here here at that night, so i will answer you what the lord speaks to me. " so the rulers of moab rested with balaam.

Numbers 22:9 then god came to balaam and said, " who are these men with you ? "

Numbers 22:10 balaam said to god, " balak, the son of zippor, king of moab, sent them to me saying,

Numbers 22:11 " look, a people went out of egypt who has revealed the face of the earth. come then, slander them for me, if it may be able to strick against it and throw it out ! ' "

Numbers 22:12 but god said to balaam, " you must not go with them, do not curse the people, for it is blessed. "

Numbers 22:13 so balaam got up the morning and said to the rulers of balak, " go to your land, for the lord has not allowed me to go with you. "

Numbers 22:14 so the rulers of moab stood up and went to balak and said, " balaam did not go with us. "

Numbers 22:15 so balak sent more rulers, greater than these,

Numbers 22:16 they came to balaam and said to him, " so says balak, the son of zippor : do not destroy to come to me.

Numbers 22:17 for i will give you honor, and i will do whatever you say. come and curk this people for me. "

Numbers 22:18 but balaam answered the servants of balak, " if balak give me his house full of silver and gold, i cannot transgress the commandment of the lord my god to do anything for a little or great.

Numbers 22:19 but now stay here in this night too, so that i may know what the lord will speak to me. "

Numbers 22:20 then god came to balaam in the night and said to him, " if these men have come to call you, get up and follow them, but do you do what i will tell you. "

Numbers 22:21 so balaam got up the morning, seized his eselin and went with the rulers of moab.

Numbers 22:22 but god flamed up because he was going, and the angel of the lord stood in the way to hand to him. he stayed on his eselin, and two of his servants were with him.

Numbers 22:23 when the eselin saw the angel of the lord standing on the road with a draged sword in his hand, she departed from the way and went into the field. so balaam struck the eselin to get it out on the road.

Numbers 22:24 then the angel of the lord stood in the tacks of the vineyards, which was on each side.

Numbers 22:25 when the eselin saw the angel of the lord, she spoke to the wall and struck balaam ' s finger into the wall. so balaam struck it up again.

Numbers 22:26 the angel of the lord went back and stood in a start place where there was no way to stand on the right or to left.

Numbers 22:27 when the eselin saw the angel of the lord, she sat down under balaam. then balaam became enraged and killed the donkey with his staff.

Numbers 22:28 then the lord opened the eselin ' s mouth, and she said to balaam, " what did i do to you that you have seized me three times ? "

Numbers 22:29 balaam said to the ox, " because you have spoken with me. if i had a sword in my hand, i would already destroy you. "

Numbers 22:30 but the eselin said to balaam, " am i not your eselin, on which you lived from your jeught until this day ? have i endured these things to you ? " he replied, " no ! "

Numbers 22:31 so the lord revealed balaam ' s eyes, and he saw the angel of the lord standing on the road with a dragged sword in his hand. he worked down and worshiped his face to the ground.

Numbers 22:32 the angel of the lord said to him, " why have you loved your eselin for three times ? look, i have come out to defense you, because your way is state before me.

Numbers 22:33 the eselin saw me and departed three times from me. if it did not leave me, then i would have killed you, but i would live it. "

Numbers 22:34 but balaam said to the angel of the lord, " i have sinned, for i did not know that you stood before me on the way. now if it is not pleasing to you, i will return back. "

Numbers 22:35 the angel of the lord said to balaam, " go with those men. but you must speak what i tell you. " so balaam went with the rulers of balak.

Numbers 22:36 when balak heard that balaam had come, he went out to meet him to the city of moab, that is by the round of arnon, that is on the end of the region.

Numbers 22:37 but balak said to balaam, " have i not sent to you to call you ? why did you not come to me ? can i not make you honor ? "

Numbers 22:38 balaam said to balak, " look, i have come to you. but i am able to speak anything ? what god throws in my mouth i will speak. "

Numbers 22:39 so balaam went with balak, and they came to kiriat-husoth.

Numbers 22:40 so balak offled sheep and sheep and sent them to balaam and the rulers who were with him.

Numbers 22:41 the next day balak took balaam and brought him up to the temple baal. from there he showed the rest of the people from there.

Numbers 23:1 then balaam said to balak, " build here seven altars here and make seven bears and seven rams here for me here. "

Numbers 23:2 so balak did just as balaam had told him, and balak and balaam offered a beast and a ram on each altar.

Numbers 23:3 then balaam said to balak, " stand here by your sacrifice, so i will go. if the lord will come me inside, and what he will show me i will tell you. " so he went to a stear.

Numbers 23:4 then god came to balaam. he said to him, " i have prepared the seven altars and offered a bear and one ram on each altar. "

Numbers 23:5 then the lord put a message in balaam ' s mouth and said, " return to balak and speak this. "

Numbers 23:6 so he returned to him, and look, he stood by his brance, he and all the rulers of moab.

Numbers 23:7 balaam explained his parable, and said, " balak came me from mesopotamia, the king of moab, from the mountains of the east, saying, ' come, slander jacob for me, and come, exsult israel ! '

Numbers 23:8 how will i praise the one whom god does not destroy ? what should i praise the one whom god does not destroy ?

Numbers 23:9 for i see him from the mouth of the mountains, and from the mountains i look for him. look, there is a people where he live and does not be counted among the gentiles.

Numbers 23:10 who will number the descendant of jacob, and who will number the family of israel ? let i live in the life of the righteous people, and may my descendants be like these ! "

Numbers 23:11 then balak said to balaam, " what did you done for me ? i called you to praise my enemies, but look, you have blessed the blessing ! "

Numbers 23:12 but he replied, " should i do to speak what the lord throws in my mouth ? "

Numbers 23:13 then balak said to him, " come with me into another place from which you will see him, but you will see all of him, but you will not see all these things. praise them to me from there ! "

Numbers 23:14 then he took him to the camp of mispa, on the topp of pisga. he built seven altars and offered a bear and a ram on each altar.

Numbers 23:15 then balaam said to balak, " stand here here by your sacrifice, and i will go before god. "

Numbers 23:16 so the lord came to balaam and put a message into his mouth and said, " return to balak and speak so. "

Numbers 23:17 so he returned to him, and look, he stood by his brance, he and the rulers of moab with him. balak asked him, " what did the lord ? "

Numbers 23:18 he explained his parable, and said, " stand up, balak, and listen ! listen to you, son of zippor !

Numbers 23:19 god is not a man so that he will be rejected, and not a human son ? does you say, ' it does not do ? ' he will speak, but does not remain ?

Numbers 23:20 look, i will praise the blessing, i will praise, and i will never return.

Numbers 23:21 there is no hard in jacob, or there is no affliction in israel. the lord his god is with him, and the majesty of the rulers is in him.

Numbers 23:22 the one who led them out of egypt is like the honor of a vill.

Numbers 23:23 for there is no adultery against jacob or ammonition in israel. in the time it will be told to jacob and to israel, ' what has god done ! "

Numbers 23:24 look, a people will rise as a lew, and like a leeu he will rise. it will never leave until he eats something and drink blood of killed.

Numbers 23:25 then balak said to balaam, " do not insult them, or do not praise him. "

Numbers 23:26 but balaam answered balak, " i have not spoken you saying, ' what the lord says i will i do ? "

Numbers 23:27 then balak said to balaam, " come, i will take you into another place. if it is pleasing to god to praise them to me from there. "

Numbers 23:28 so balak brought balaam on the topp of peor, who is over to the wilderness.

Numbers 23:29 then balaam said to balak, " build some altars here for me and make seven bears and seven rams here for me here. "

Numbers 23:30 so balak did just as balaam had said, and balak and balaam offered a beast and a ram on each altar.

Numbers 24:1 when balaam saw that it was good in the eyes of the lord to praise israel, he did not go as the former time as the first time, but turned his face to the wilderness.

Numbers 24:2 when balaam looked up, he saw israel leading in their tribes. then the spirit of god came on him.

Numbers 24:3 then he explained his parable : " this is the message of balaam, the son of beor, ' says,

Numbers 24:4 he says, " the one who listens to god ' s message, who has seen the vision of god, who is despept with his eyes.

Numbers 24:5 how great are your tousehold, jacob, your tentions, israel !

Numbers 24:6 they are gathered like vallow, like paradises on the river, like the tocks that the lord planted, as cedrs by the water.

Numbers 24:7 it will flow out from his descendants, and his descendants will be in many nations. his kingdom will be exalted than agag, and his kingdom will be grow.

Numbers 24:8 god brought him out of egypt. it is as the glory of the enough horn. he will consume the nations who are his enemies, he will destroy their backs, destroy their picks.

Numbers 24:9 he sit down, he is like a lion and like a lew. who will reveal it ? blessed is those who praise you, and blessed is those who praise you.

Numbers 24:10 then the anger of balak became anger against balaam, and he stricped with his hands. then balak said to balaam, " i called you to insult my enemies, but you have blessed you three times.

Numbers 24:11 get away to your place ! i have said that i will honor you, but now the lord has strengthened you from your glory. "

Numbers 24:12 balaam said to balak, " did i not speak to your angels whom you sent to me, saying,

Numbers 24:13 if balak gave me his house full of silver and gold, i cannot transgresse the commandment of the lord, to do anything bad or good from me. i will say whatever the lord says.

Numbers 24:14 now look, i am going to my people. come, i will tell you what this people will do to your people in the last days. "

Numbers 24:15 then he explained his parable : " this is the message of balaam, the son of beor, ' says,

Numbers 24:16 he listens to the message of god, who knows the knowledge from the most high, who sees the visible of god and revealed his eyes.

Numbers 24:17 i will show him, but not now, i will reveal him but does not come near. a star will rise from jacob, and a man will rise from israel. he will destroy the rulers of moab and destroy all the sons of set.

Numbers 24:18 edom will be a possession, and edom, his enemies, will be possession, but israel will make power.

Numbers 24:19 he will be raised from jacob and will destroy the savior from the town. "

Numbers 24:20 then he saw the amalec and explained his parable : " amalek is the first of the gentiles, but their descendants will be destructed. "

Numbers 24:21 then he saw the keneens and explained his parable : " your wonder is weak, and your sick is put on a rock.

Numbers 24:22 but people of beor will be suffered, assur will take you captives. "

Numbers 24:23 then he explained his parable : " woe ! who will live when god does these things ?

Numbers 24:24 they will come out from the hand of the kittim, and they will destroy assur and destroy the hebraus, but even they will be perishing. "

Numbers 24:25 so balaam got up and went to his place, and balak went back to himself.

Numbers 25:1 now when israel stayed in sittim, the people began to prostitute with the daughters of moab.

Numbers 25:2 they called the people to the sacrifices of their idols, and the people ate and worshiped their idols.

Numbers 25:3 when israel had been completed to baal-peor, the spirit of the lord flamed against israel.

Numbers 25:4 then the lord said to moses, " take all the rulers of the people and teach them to the lord before the sun, so that the wrath of the wrath of the lord returns from israel. "

Numbers 25:5 moses said to the tribes of israel, " let each one kill his own officers who have been rejected to baal-peor. "

Numbers 25:6 then a man of the israelites came and brought a midian woman to his brothers to the presence of moses and all the people of israel, while they were weeping by the door of the tent of testimony.

Numbers 25:7 when phinehas, son of eleazar, the son of aaron the priest, refused out of the crowd and took a spix in his hand

Numbers 25:8 and he went back after the man of israel into the office, and divided them both, the israelita and the woman through her mouth. so the plague came from the israelites.

Numbers 25:9 so the people who were dead by this plague were twenty-four thousand.

Numbers 25:10 then the lord said to moses,

Numbers 25:11 " phinehas, the son of eleazar, the son of aaron the priest, has rejected my anger from the people of israel because he refured my jealousy among them, so that i would not have killed the israelites in my jealousy.

Numbers 25:12 so tell him, look, i will give him peace of peace.

Numbers 25:13 he will be the covenant to him and to his descendants after him the covenant of eternal priesthood, because he endured his god and reconcilied the people of israel. "

Numbers 25:14 ( now the man of the rest of israel who was killed with a midian woman was zimri the son of salu, a child of a family of simeon.

Numbers 25:15 the dead midian woman was kozbi, a daughter of sur, a child of a family of a family of midian.

Numbers 25:16 then the lord said to moses, " tell the people of israel :

Numbers 25:17 " encourage the midianitas and strike them.

Numbers 25:18 because they enemies against you with deceit they deceives you through peor and through kozbi, the daughter of the child of midian, their sister who had been killed on the day of plague because of peor. "

Numbers 26:1 after this plague, the lord spoke to moses and eleazar the son of the priest aaron, saying,

Numbers 26:2 " remove the whole israelitity of the people of israel, from thirty years and outside, according to their familes, all who are going out to make a guerra in israel. "

Numbers 26:3 then moses and the priest eleazar said this in the campenes of moab by the jordan river of jericho, saying,

Numbers 26:4 from three years and outside, as the lord had commanded him, and the israelites who had gone out of egypt.

Numbers 26:5 ruben, the ear of israel. the sons of ruben : henoch, from whom is the family of hanoch, from pallu the family of the palluets,

Numbers 26:6 from hezron the familon of the hesronians ; from carmi the familon of the charmians.

Numbers 26:7 these were the familes of the rubenians. in number of them were fifty-three mii 7730.

Numbers 26:8 and the son of pallum were eliab.

Numbers 26:9 and the sons of eliab was nemuel, dathan and abiram. these were dathan and abiram ( these were the dathan and abiram ), who assembled against moses and aaron in the synagogue of korah when they rebelled the lord.

Numbers 26:10 then the earth opened his mouth and swallowed them and korah when his completion died, when the fire consumed the two hundred fifty people, and they became a sign.

Numbers 26:11 but the sons of korah did not died.

Numbers 26:12 the sons of simeon, to the family of simeon : from nemuel, the family of the nemuelitas ; from jamin, the family of the jaminians ; from jachin, the family of the jachynians ;

Numbers 26:13 from zerah the familon of zerahites ; from saul, the familon of the saulians.

Numbers 26:14 these were the familes of the simeonians : twenty-two thousand and two hundred.

Numbers 26:15 from the regions of the sons of gad and their familes : from sefon, the family of the tsefonitas ; from haggi, the family of the haggi ; from suni, the family of the sunitas.

Numbers 26:16 of the country of jezer, from ozni the family of the oznites ; from eri, the family of the eri.

Numbers 26:17 from thod, the family of aroditians ; from areli, the family of the arelitas.

Numbers 26:18 these were the familes of the gaditas. in number of them were five thousand and five hundred.

Numbers 26:19 the thousand of the sons of judah were er and onan. but er and onan died in the land of canaan.

Numbers 26:20 in the regions of the people of judah were : from sela the family of the sela ; from peres the family of the peres ; from zerah, the family of the zerahitas.

Numbers 26:21 husets ' s sons were : from hezron the family of the hezron ; from hamul, the family of the hamulitas.

Numbers 26:22 these were the familes of judah as in their number : seventy-six thousand and five hundred.

Numbers 26:23 of the bears and the sons of issachar, as their familles : from tola, the family of the tolaitas ; from puva, the family of the puuitas ;

Numbers 26:24 of jasub, the family of the jasubiitas ; from simron the family of the samaritans.

Numbers 26:25 these were the familes of issachar, as were in number : seventy-four thousand and two hundred.

Numbers 26:26 of the regions of the sons of zebulun in their familes : from sered, the family of the sered ; from elon, the family of the elonitas ; from jahleel, the family of the jahleelitian.

Numbers 26:27 these were the familes of zebulun with their number, seventy thousand and five hundred.

Numbers 26:28 the descendants of the sons of joseph, according to their familes, was : manasse and efraim.

Numbers 26:29 of the descendants of the people of manasseh : from machir the family of the machirits. machir became the father of gilead, from gilead, the family of the gileaditians.

Numbers 26:30 of jezer, the people of gilead : from jezer, the family of the jezer ; from helek, the family of the helekets ;

Numbers 26:31 from asriel, the family of the asrielites ; from shechem the family of the sechemites.

Numbers 26:32 of the region of the region : from semida, the family of the semidaitas ; from hefer, the family of the heferitas.

Numbers 26:33 selofhad, son of hefer, did not have sons but only daughters. the name of the daughters of zelpaad were mahla, noa, hogla, milka, and tirtsa.

Numbers 26:34 these were the familes of manasseh, as in their number, fifty-two thousand and 700.

Numbers 26:35 of the regions of the region : these were the sons of ephraim : from sutelah the family of the suthelites ; from becher the family of the becheritas.

Numbers 26:36 from them is the sons of soutala : from eran, the familing of the eranians.

Numbers 26:37 these were the familes of the efraims. in number of them were thirty and two thousand and five hundred. these were the familes of joseph, as their familes.

Numbers 26:38 from the people of benjamin, by their familes, were : from bela, the family of the belaitas ; from asbel, the family of the ashbelita ; from ahiram, the family of the ahiramitas ;

Numbers 26:39 from hufam the family of the hufam, from hupham the family of hufam.

Numbers 26:40 from the people of bela were : ard and naaman. from ardar, the family of the ardites ; from naaman, the family of the naamanites.

Numbers 26:41 these were the people of benjamin, in the region of their familes, were four and five thousand and six hundred.

Numbers 26:42 of the regionity of the regionity : the sons of dan, by their familes : from suham the family of the suhamitans. these were the familes of dan, as their familes.

Numbers 26:43 in their number, all the familes of suham, in number of them were seventy-four thousand and four hundred.

Numbers 26:44 from the descendants of the descendants of the sons of asser in their familes : from jimna, the family of the jimna ; from beria, the family of the beriaitas.

Numbers 26:45 of the regions of heber was : from heber the family of the heberitas ; from malchiel the family of malchielitas.

Numbers 26:46 the name of the daughter of asser was sarah.

Numbers 26:47 there were the familes of the familes of asser, as were in number : fifty-three thousand and four hundred.

Numbers 26:48 the people of neftali according to their familes : from jahtseel the family of the jahtseelitas ; from guni, the family of the gunitas ;

Numbers 26:49 from jezer, the familon of the jezer ; from sillem, the familing of the sillemits.

Numbers 26:50 these were the familes of the nafthali according to their number : fifty-five thousand and four hundred.

Numbers 26:51 these were the number of the people of israel : 601 730.

Numbers 26:52 then the lord said to moses,

Numbers 26:53 " with these things the earth will be given to possession according to the number of the name.

Numbers 26:54 to the great possession you will give great inheritance, and to the minor give their arvedel. each person will be given their arvedel to each one according to his number.

Numbers 26:55 but the land will be divided by birth. they will inherit the name of the tribes of their familes.

Numbers 26:56 according to the sors you will divided their possessions among the great and the little. "

Numbers 26:57 ( this was the sons of levi, according to their familes : from gerson, the family of gerson, from kohath the family of the kahathits, from merari, the family of merari.

Numbers 26:58 these are the familles of levi : the family of the libnitans, the family of the hebronians, the family of the korahits, the family of the musicians. kehath was the father of amram.

Numbers 26:59 the name of amram ' s wife was jokebed, a daughter of levi, who was born to levi in egypt. she gave to amram aaron, moses, and mary their sister.

Numbers 26:60 now to aaron became nadab and abihu, eleazar and ithamar.

Numbers 26:61 but nadab and abihu stared when they offered a new fire before the lord.

Numbers 26:62 the number of them were a number of twenty-three thousand, all manners from a month and belong. for they were not concensed among the people of israel because they did not give them arvedel among the people of israel.

Numbers 26:63 this is the number of moses and eleazar the priest who numpped the israelites in the campenes of moab by the jordan river over jericho.

Numbers 26:64 there there was no one of those who were recensed by moses and aaron, the son of aaron, who had numpled the israelites in the wilderness of sinai.

Numbers 26:65 for the lord said to them, " they will be to death in the wilderness. " and there was no one of them except kaleb, the son of jefunne, and josua the son of nun.

Numbers 27:1 then the daughters of zelofhad, the son of hefer, son of gilead, son of machir, of the familles of manasseh, son of joseph, and these were their names : mahla, noa, hogla, milka, and tirtsa.

Numbers 27:2 they stood before moses, before eleazar the priest, before the rulers and the whole group, at the door of the tent of samekht, and said,

Numbers 27:3 " our father has died in the wilderness, but he was not among the people of those who gathered against the lord in the group of korah, but he died because of his sin, and he had no sons.

Numbers 27:4 why can the name of our father be exalted from his family because he has no son ? give us possession among the brothers of our father ! "

Numbers 27:5 so moses brought their judgment before the lord.

Numbers 27:6 then the lord said to moses,

Numbers 27:7 " the daughters of tselofhaad speak well. give them possession of possession among the brothers of their father and put their father ' s possession to them.

Numbers 27:8 " to the people of israel say, ' if a man dies and does not have a son, then you must put his possessions to his daughter.

Numbers 27:9 if he does not have a daughter, your possession will be given to his brothers.

Numbers 27:10 if he does not have brothers, you will give his possessions to his father ' s brothers.

Numbers 27:11 but if his father does not have brothers, then you will give his inheritance to his relatives from his family, so that he will inherit it. this will be a righteous defense to the people of israel, as the lord has commanded moses. "

Numbers 27:12 then the lord said to moses, " get up the mountain abarim, and see the land that i give to the people of israel.

Numbers 27:13 and when you see it, you will be gathered to your people, just as your brother aaron was brought up on the mountain hor,

Numbers 27:14 because you were rebelled against my message in the wilderness of zin when the congregation spread. you did not sanctifige me before them on the water. " ( this was the water of meriba in cades in the wilderness of zin. )

Numbers 27:15 so moses said to the lord,

Numbers 27:16 " may the lord god of the spirits of all the flesh, make a man over this congregment,

Numbers 27:17 who will go out before them and who will enter them, who will bring them out, so that the people of the lord will not be like sheep without a shepherd. "

Numbers 27:18 then the lord said to moses, " take joshua, the son of nun, a man in whom is spirit, and put your hand on him.

Numbers 27:19 bring him before the priest eleazar and before the whole group, and make him instruction before them.

Numbers 27:20 and give him from your glory, so that the whole group of the people of israel may listen to him.

Numbers 27:21 he must stand before the priest eleazar, who will ask him about the judgment of urim before the lord. according to his order they will go, and according to his order they will enter, he and all the people of israel together, together and the whole group. "

Numbers 27:22 moses did just as the lord had commanded him. he took jesus and stood him before eleazar the priest and before the whole group.

Numbers 27:23 then he placed his hands on him and instructed him, just as the lord had commanded moses.

Numbers 28:1 then the lord said to moses,

Numbers 28:2 " command the israelites and tell them, ' you will be trying to offer for me in my feast, my offering, my fruit, a lifting wood for me in my feast.

Numbers 28:3 and tell them, " this is the sacrifice you bring to the lord : two fellow fellow lammers without fear every day for a daily offering offering.

Numbers 28:4 the one lamb you will offer on the morning, and the second lamb you will offer at the evening.

Numbers 28:5 and to a haurth of a efa flor of flower, secured with a fourth hin of olive oil.

Numbers 28:6 this is a continually offering offering that happened on the mountain, as a lifful wood to the lord.

Numbers 28:7 and his libacious offering : a fourth hin of hin for each lamb. you will offery a drink of drink in the sanctuary to the lord.

Numbers 28:8 the second lamb you will offere at the evening. like the sacrifice of a sacrifice and the drant of it you will bring as a lifful wood to the lord.

Numbers 28:9 " on the sabbath day you will bring two fellow fearing lamps without fear, and two tiefs of a efa of fleur of fleur of fleur of fleur of fish seamassed with olive oil, and there is a drankoffer.

Numbers 28:10 this is the sabbath of the sabbath in every sabbath along than the daily holocausto and his drankoffer. "

Numbers 28:11 " on the next day you will bring a sacrifice to the lord : two bees, one ram, seven fellow fellow lammers unfeamt,

Numbers 28:12 to each boy to the beast of three tiefs of flor fish conspersed with olie for the beast of the beast, smessed with olie, for the beast.

Numbers 28:13 to each lamb there will be one deep sacrifice of fish weared with olie for each lamb. this is a lifful wood for the lord.

Numbers 28:14 and the libations of them will be a half of hin to each beast, a third of a hin to the beast and a fourth hin to the lamb. this is the holocaust of every month, in every month of the year.

Numbers 28:15 different buck will be offered to the lord along with the daily holocausto and his drant.

Numbers 28:16 " on the first month, on the four and four day of the month is a passover for jahwe.

Numbers 28:17 on the fighth day of this month is the feast ; seven days there will eat unleavened bread.

Numbers 28:18 on the first day there will be a holy convoction. you must not take any work of work.

Numbers 28:19 you will bring a brance of a brance for the lord : two bees, one bool, seven fellow fellow lammers ; they will be fearing for you.

Numbers 28:20 and as their sacrifice, fint floor seamassed with olie, three tiefs for each beast, two tiefs for the beast

Numbers 28:21 and a tienden for each of the seven lammers.

Numbers 28:22 there will have one buitenbok to make a reconciliation for you.

Numbers 28:23 toward the continuo sacrifice of the morning, which is the always sacrifice.

Numbers 28:24 this must you sacrifice every day for the seven days. this is a offering of a offering to a angeness of angeness to the lord. this must be along with the daily holocausto and his drankoffer.

Numbers 28:25 on the seventh day there will be a holy convoction. you must not take any work of work.

Numbers 28:26 " on the day of the new days, when you offered new sacrifice to the lord on your needs, you may have a holy convoction. you must not take any work work.

Numbers 28:27 you will bring a holocaust offering to a angeness of a roft wood for the lord : two bees, one bow, seven fellow lammers without fear,

Numbers 28:28 and their sacrifice : fint floor seamassed with olie, three tiefs for the beast, two tiefs for the beast,

Numbers 28:29 and a tienden for each of the seven lammers.

Numbers 28:30 there will have one buitenbok to make a reconciliation for you.

Numbers 28:31 behalf the reduring sacrifice of reduring sacrifice and their sacrifice, that will be blameless for you with their drathes of drankoffer.

Numbers 29:1 " on the first day of the seventh month there will be a holy convocation. you must not take any work arvile. it will be a day of signs for you.

Numbers 29:2 you also will offery a sacrifice of a little wood to the lord : one beast, one bow, seven fellow fellow lammers without feam,

Numbers 29:3 and their sacrifice : fint floor seamassed with olie, three tiefs for the beast, two tiefs for the beast,

Numbers 29:4 and a tienden for each of the seven lammers.

Numbers 29:5 there will have one buitenbok to make a reconciliation for you.

Numbers 29:6 behalf from the holocausts of the new money with his sacrifice, the reduring food continuo, with their sacrifice, and with their drankoffer, as revealed of them, to be a lifful offering for the lord.

Numbers 29:7 " on the tighth day of this month there will be a holy convoction. you should treat your souls and do nothing work.

Numbers 29:8 you will bring a brance of bread in a suave wood for the lord : a beast, one bagge, seven fellow lammers, fearing without defection.

Numbers 29:9 and their sacrifice : fint floor seamassed with olie, three tiefs for the beast, two tiefs for the beast,

Numbers 29:10 and a tienden for each of the seven lammers.

Numbers 29:11 there will bring one boc as a expiação of a sin, behalf the sacrifice for the expiación of the expiation, the daily holocausto and its sacrifice, and its drant.

Numbers 29:12 " on the fifth day of this seventh month there will be a holy convoction. you must not take any work of work. you will celebrate the feast for the lord for seven days.

Numbers 29:13 then you will bring a brance of a brance of a lifful wood to the lord. on the first day you will bring four bears, two rammes, four fellow fellow lammeren. they must be blameless.

Numbers 29:14 and as charge with them, fint floor seamassed with olie, three tiefs for each of the treurth of the oxs, two tiefs for each of the two rams

Numbers 29:15 and a tiendes for each of the four and four lammers,

Numbers 29:16 also one bokken as expiación : behalf the daily holocausto, his sacrifice, and their drankoffer.

Numbers 29:17 the second day you may bring twelve bees, two backs, four fellow fellow lammers without fear,

Numbers 29:18 with their sacrifice, with their drankoffer, with the bears and the lammeren, according to their number, according to the inscription,

Numbers 29:19 also one bokken as expiación : behalf the daily holocausto, his sacrifice, and their drankoffer.

Numbers 29:20 on the third day you may bring onty bears, two boats, four fellow lammers unmafillable,

Numbers 29:21 with their sacrifice, with their drankoffer, with the bears and the lammeren, according to their number, according to the inscription,

Numbers 29:22 also one bokken as expiación : behalf the daily holocausto, his sacrifice, and their drankoffer.

Numbers 29:23 the fourth day you will bring ten bees, two backs, four fellow lammers unmafillable,

Numbers 29:24 with their sacrifice, with their drankoffer, with the bears and the lammeren, according to their number, according to the inscription,

Numbers 29:25 also one bokken as expiación : behalf the daily holocausto, his sacrifice, and their drankoffer.

Numbers 29:26 the fifth day you may bring nive bears, two boats, four fellow lammers unmafillable,

Numbers 29:27 with their sacrifice, with their drankoffer, with the bears and the lammeren, according to their number, according to the inscription,

Numbers 29:28 also one bokken as expiación : behalf the daily holocausto, his sacrifice, and their drankoffer.

Numbers 29:29 the sixth day you may bring five bees, two bagges, four fellow lammers without fear,

Numbers 29:30 with their sacrifice, with their drankoffer, with the bears and the lammeren, according to their number, according to the inscription,

Numbers 29:31 also one bokken as expiación : behalf the daily holocausto, his sacrifice, and their drankoffer.

Numbers 29:32 on the seventh day you will bring seven bees, two bagges, four fellow lammers unmafillable,

Numbers 29:33 with their sacrifice, with their drankoffer, with the bears and the lammeren, according to their number, according to the inscription,

Numbers 29:34 also one bokken as expiación : behalf the daily holocausto, his sacrifice, and their drankoffer.

Numbers 29:35 on the eighth day you should have a convoction. you must not take any work of work.

Numbers 29:36 you will bring a sacrifice of bread in a suave wood to the lord, one beast, one bow, seven fellow felfous lammers without feam,

Numbers 29:37 with their sacrifice and their drankoffer with the beast, to the bow, and for the lammeren, in their number, according to the inscription,

Numbers 29:38 also one bokken as expiación : behalf the daily holocausto, his sacrifice, and their drankoffer.

Numbers 29:39 " these things you will offery to the lord at your feast, except your offerings and offering offerings, your holocausts, your sacrifices, your drunkoffer, your salvation, and your salvation.

Numbers 29:40 moses said this to the people of israel in everything that the lord had commanded moses.

Numbers 30:1 moses said to the rulers of the tribes of israel, saying, " this is what the lord has commanded :

Numbers 30:2 " if anyone promises a promise to the lord or swear a vision that he insult his life, he should not profany his message. he should accomplite whatever he has gone from his mouth.

Numbers 30:3 " if a woman commits a promise to the lord or confesses a vision in her father ' s house in her jeugh,

Numbers 30:4 if her father lives her promise or expliction with which her father lives her life and lives her father, then all her promises will stand, and all the inthoution she has lived will remain.

Numbers 30:5 but if her father lives her promise on the day he heard it, all her promises and all the gifts she has lived down for her life, and the lord will forgive her, because her father has released it.

Numbers 30:6 whenever she has become a husband and has a promise against her, according to the determination of her lips that she has lived her life,

Numbers 30:7 when her husband does this and hear about her on the day he heard it, then her promises must stand just, and the slander with which she has lived will stand.

Numbers 30:8 if her husband lives her promise on the day he heard it, her promises and the promise with which her husband has lighted, will not remain, because the husband has rejected her, and the lord will forgive her.

Numbers 30:9 if a wife or a wear of widow or destroyed, should remain for her.

Numbers 30:10 if she is in her husband, or if she is in her husband of her husband or if she lives her life with a vision,

Numbers 30:11 if her husband does this and hear about her and does not answer her, then all her promises must stand, and every person against her sure with which she has light her life will stand.

Numbers 30:12 if her husband causes it in the day he heard it, it will not remains everything that has gone out of her mouth, with the promises that she has promised, or her husband has destroyed, and the lord will reveal her.

Numbers 30:13 her husband should make every promise and every encouragement that he lives to afflict the life, her husband should confirme it, and he will leave her husband.

Numbers 30:14 if she difficuls with her day for day, he should confirme all her promises and everything that is on her, because she has silenced it on the day he heard about her.

Numbers 30:15 if he reject it after the day he heard, he will take for his sin.

Numbers 30:16 " these are the instance that the lord commanded to moses, as well as a man and his wife, and the father and his daughter in his youth at his father ' s house.

Numbers 31:1 then the lord said to moses,

Numbers 31:2 " repay the israelites from the midianites. after this you will be gathered to your people. "

Numbers 31:3 then moses said to the people, " take some of you to strike against midian, so that they will repay the punishment of the lord over midian.

Numbers 31:4 to each tribe of every tribe, from all the tribes of israel, send to the combat. "

Numbers 31:5 then of the tribes of israel were counted two thousand from each tribe, twelve thousand wearing to a battle.

Numbers 31:6 moses sent them to each tribe, each of each tribe, with phinehas, son of eleazar the priest, with the holy instruments and the trumpet of signs in their hands.

Numbers 31:7 they attacked the midian, just as the lord had commanded moses, and they killed all the men.

Numbers 31:8 then they killed the men of midian together with those who were killed, evi, rekem, hur, and reba, the five regions of midian. they killed balaam the son of beor with the sword.

Numbers 31:9 the people of israel took in captivity the women of midian and their children, and took their possessions and all their lives and all their possessions.

Numbers 31:10 and they were bringed with fire all their towns in their tousehold and all their villages.

Numbers 31:11 then they took all the plact and all their builds, people and food.

Numbers 31:12 they brought the captive, the building and the building to moses and eleazar the priest and to the group of the enfants of israel in the camp of moab by the jordan river over jericho.

Numbers 31:13 so moses and the priest eleazar and all the rulers of the group went out to encontro them outside the camp.

Numbers 31:14 then moses became anger of the officers of the power, the commanding officers, the commanding officers and hundreders who came from the strict of the battle.

Numbers 31:15 moses said to them, " have you leave all women ?

Numbers 31:16 for these were the people of israel because of balaam ' s message to destroy against the lord because of peor, so that there was a plage in the group of the lord.

Numbers 31:17 therefore put to death every child, and put to death every woman who has known a husband.

Numbers 31:18 but all the women who have not known a husband should you live away.

Numbers 31:19 and you must learn outside the camp for seven days. every one who has killed a person and anyone who touched a killed will be purified on the third and on the seventh day, both you and your prisoners.

Numbers 31:20 you also will purifie every clothing, every four of piel, every work of bow, and every tree of tree will you purifie. "

Numbers 31:21 then the priest eleazar said to the lame who came from the strict, " this is the instruction of the law that the lord gave to moses :

Numbers 31:22 the gold, the silver, the bronze, the iron, the bly, the bly,

Numbers 31:23 every thing that comes through fire must be purified with fire and will be clean. only the water of purifiation will be purified. but whatever does not pass through fire, it must go through water.

Numbers 31:24 on the seventh day you will wash your clothing, so you will be clean. then you will enter the camp. "

Numbers 31:25 then the lord said to moses,

Numbers 31:26 " you and the priest eleazar and the rulers of the family of the congregment, both people and feet, you and the priest eleazar and the families of the family of the congregment.

Numbers 31:27 and remove the build among the soldiers that went out to the combation, and the whole group.

Numbers 31:28 " then you will take a offering for the lord from the soldiers who went out to the battle : one person from five hundred, both people, bears, sheep, and sheep.

Numbers 31:29 take it from their half and give it to the priest eleazar as a offering for the lord.

Numbers 31:30 from the half of the people of israel take one of fifty of fifty, from people, of hors, of eseep, and of all the beast, and give them to the levits who bear the wactice of the tabernacle of the lord. "

Numbers 31:31 so moses and the priest eleazar did what the lord had commanded moses.

Numbers 31:32 the rest of the possession that the soldiers had taken up were : 675 000 sheep,

Numbers 31:33 seventy-two thousand,

Numbers 31:34 sexty and one thousand,

Numbers 31:35 and people, women who did not know a husband, were thirty and two thousand.

Numbers 31:36 the half of those who had gone out to the battle were also two hundred thirty and seven thousand and fifty hundred sheep.

Numbers 31:37 the offering for the lord came from the sheep, six hundred seventy-five ;

Numbers 31:38 treizth and six thousand, and the gift to the lord were seventy-two.

Numbers 31:39 thirty thousand and fifty, and the offering for the lord were seventy-two.

Numbers 31:40 a person of people were seventh thousand, and the gift of them to the lord were thirty and two.

Numbers 31:41 moses gave the offering of the offering offered to the lord to eleazar the priest, just as the lord had commanded moses.

Numbers 31:42 from the helf of the sons of the israelites, which moses had divided from the leaders of the battle,

Numbers 31:43 the half of the people of the group were two hundred thirty and seven thousand and fifty hundred sheep,

Numbers 31:44 trenten and six thousand,

Numbers 31:45 30,500,

Numbers 31:46 seventy-six thousand,

Numbers 31:47 from the helf of the people of israel moses received one of fifty, both people and feet, and gave them to the levits who were guarding the wactice of the tabernacle of the lord, just as the lord had commanded moses.

Numbers 31:48 then all the officers of the officers of the power came to moses, the commanding officers and the centurions,

Numbers 31:49 and said to moses, " your servants have brought the number of the stricts of our companions, and there is no one of us.

Numbers 31:50 so we offered the offering to the lord, each one who has found arms of gold, ross, signs, signs, clothing, to make soning for us before the lord. "

Numbers 31:51 so moses and the priest eleazar took the gold from them, every prepared reason.

Numbers 31:52 then all the gold that they offered to the lord were four thousand seven hundred fifty siclos from the commanding officers and centurions.

Numbers 31:53 the solders had eaten each one for himself.

Numbers 31:54 then moses and eleazar the priest took the gold from the commanding officers and centurions and brought it into the tent of testimony as a memorial for the israelites before the lord.

Numbers 32:1 the people of ruben and the sons of gad were great possessions. when they saw the land of jazer and the region of gilead, they saw that the place was place for beast.

Numbers 32:2 then the people of gad and the people of ruben came to moses, the priest eleazar, and the rulers of the congregue, saying,

Numbers 32:3 ataroth, dibon, jazer, nimra, hesbon, eleale, sibma, nebo, beon,

Numbers 32:4 the land that the lord gave before the people of israel is a land of business, and your servants are business.

Numbers 32:5 they said, " if we have found grace in your eyes, let this land be given to your servants to possession, and do not put us over the jordan river. "

Numbers 32:6 but moses said to the people of gad and the sons of ruben, " are your brothers going to the battle, and you will stay there ?

Numbers 32:7 why do you think the hearts of the israelites to go into the land that the lord has given to them ?

Numbers 32:8 so your ancestors did not so, when i sent them from cades-barnea to see the earth.

Numbers 32:9 when they went up to the vall escol and saw the land, they turned the hearts of the israelites so they would not enter the land that the lord had given to them.

Numbers 32:10 in that day the anger of the lord flamed out and he swore,

Numbers 32:11 " these men who went up from egypt, from thirty years and outare, will not see the land that i spoke abraham, isaac, and jacob, because they did not follow me.

Numbers 32:12 except kaleb, the son of jefunne the preacher, and joshua, the son of nun, because they have followed the lord. '

Numbers 32:13 so the anger of the lord flamed against israel, and he revealed them in the wilderness for forty years until all the generation who had done what was evil in the eyes of the lord.

Numbers 32:14 but look, you have stood in the place of your ancestors, a control of sinners, to increase the wrath of the spirit of the lord against israel.

Numbers 32:15 if you turn away from him, he will leave him again in the wilderness, and you will complete this whole group. "

Numbers 32:16 so they came to him and said, " we will build women here for our feet and towns for our children,

Numbers 32:17 but we will be enough and walking before the people until we bring them to their place. but our children will live in fortificated towns for the sake of those who live on the earth.

Numbers 32:18 we will not turn back to our homes until each of the people of israel has possessed each one his possession.

Numbers 32:19 for we will not arrest us with them from the other side of the jordan river, because we have possessed our lose in the other side of the jordan river, at the east. "

Numbers 32:20 moses said to them, " if you are done this, if you arrest yourselves to a battle before the lord,

Numbers 32:21 and everyone of you who are armen will pass over the jordan river before the lord until he takes out his enemies from his presence,

Numbers 32:22 and the earth will be healed before the lord, then you will return and be innocent before the lord and before israel, and this land will be your possession before the lord.

Numbers 32:23 but if you do not do this, you will sin against the lord, and you will know your sins that will remove you.

Numbers 32:24 build towns for your children and villages for your sheep, and do what is told from your mouth. "

Numbers 32:25 then the people of gad and the people of ruben said to moses, " your servants will do as our lord command.

Numbers 32:26 our children, our women, our feet, our flesh and all our lops will be in the towns of gilead.

Numbers 32:27 but your servants, all who are completed, will pass away to the combation before the lord, just as your master has said. "

Numbers 32:28 then moses instructed them to the priest eleazar, joshua, the son of nun, and the families of the families of the tribes of israel.

Numbers 32:29 moses said to them, " if the gadits and the sons of ruben pass over jordan with you, all wearing to make battle before the lord, and the earth will be possessed before you, then give them the land of gilead as a possession.

Numbers 32:30 but if they do not pertain with you in the battle before the lord, then remove their children, their wives, their businds, and their businds there are before you into the land of canaan, and there will be possessed among you in the land of canaan.

Numbers 32:31 then the people of gad and the people of ruben answered, " we will do what the lord said to your servants.

Numbers 32:32 we will go along before the lord to the land of canaan, and we will give our possession on the other side of the jordan river. "

Numbers 32:33 then moses gave them to the people of gad, the rubenites, and the halve tribe of the son of manasseh, son of joseph, the kingdom of sihon, the king of the amoriens, and the kingdom of og king of basan, the land with its towns and its territory, the towns of the land along.

Numbers 32:34 so the gadits gathered dibon, ataroth, aroer,

Numbers 32:35 sophan, sophan, jazer,

Numbers 32:36 bet-nimra and bet-haran, fortificated toward forces for sheep.

Numbers 32:37 and the sons of ruben rebuilted hesbon, eleale, kiriataim,

Numbers 32:38 nebo, baal-meon ( who was clothed ) and sibma, and they called the towns of the towns they had built.

Numbers 32:39 the sons of machir, the son of manasseh, went to gilead and arrested it, and they destroyed the amoritans who were there.

Numbers 32:40 so moses gave gilead to machir, the son of manasseh, and he habited there.

Numbers 32:41 jair, the son of manasseh, went and took their villages and called them havoth-jair.

Numbers 32:42 and nobah went and took up kenath with its villages and called it nobah according to his name.

Numbers 33:1 these are the regions of the people of israel, who went out of the land of egypt according to their tailders, through moses and aaron.

Numbers 33:2 so moses wrote their passions according to their passions according to the message of the lord. and this is their states as they were going.

Numbers 33:3 they left ramses on the first month, on the fighth day of the first month, the next day of the passover, the israelites went out with a high hand before all the egyptians,

Numbers 33:4 now the egypts buried all the firstborn that the lord had seized among them, all the firstborn in egypt, but on their sinders the lord made justice.

Numbers 33:5 so the israelites rushed from ramses and accamped succoth.

Numbers 33:6 and they left succoth and lead to etam, that is the other side of the wilderness.

Numbers 33:7 and they rushed from etam and from pi-hahiroth, that is ahead of baal-zefon, and accamped before migdol.

Numbers 33:8 they rushed from pi-hahiroth and passed through the sea to the wilderness, and went on a way of three days in the wilderness of etam and lead to mara.

Numbers 33:9 they rushed from mara and came to elim. in elim there were twelve fontements of water and seventy-two palm. they were camped there.

Numbers 33:10 they rushed from elim and legered on the red sea.

Numbers 33:11 they rushed from the red sea and lead to the wilderness of sin.

Numbers 33:12 and they went from the wilderness of sin and halled in dofka.

Numbers 33:13 and they went from dofka and halted to alus.

Numbers 33:14 and they went away from alus and halled in rephidim, where there was no water to drink for the people there.

Numbers 33:15 and they went from rephidim and halted to the wilderness of sinai.

Numbers 33:16 they rushed from the wilderness of sinai and lead to kibrot-hattaava.

Numbers 33:17 and they went from kibroth-hattaava and halted to hazeroth.

Numbers 33:18 and they went from hazeroth and lead to rithma.

Numbers 33:19 and they went from ritma and halted to rimmon-peres.

Numbers 33:20 and they went from rimmon-peres and halted to libna.

Numbers 33:21 and they went away from libna and halt to rissa.

Numbers 33:22 and they went away from rissa and asened on kehelata.

Numbers 33:23 and they went from kehelath and lead to sepher.

Numbers 33:24 and they went from sefer and asened the camp in harada.

Numbers 33:25 and they went from harada and halted to makhelot.

Numbers 33:26 and they went from makheloth and lead to tahat.

Numbers 33:27 and they went from tahat and asened on tarah.

Numbers 33:28 and they went away from tarah and asened on mitka.

Numbers 33:29 and they went from mitka and lead to salmona.

Numbers 33:30 and they went from salmona and halted to moseroth.

Numbers 33:31 and they went from moseroth and halted to bene-jaakan.

Numbers 33:32 and they went away from bene-jaakan and lead to hor-haggidgad.

Numbers 33:33 and they went from hor-gidgad and asened the book in jotbata.

Numbers 33:34 and they went from jotbata and halted to abrona.

Numbers 33:35 and they went from abrona and lead camp in eson-geber.

Numbers 33:36 they rushed from eson-geber and lead to the wilderness of sin ( that is kades ).

Numbers 33:37 and they went away from cades and lead on the mountain hor along of the land of edom.

Numbers 33:38 aaron, the priest, went up up in the city, according to the commandment of the lord, and he died there on the firtenth years after the leading of the israelites from the land of egypt.

Numbers 33:39 aaron was a equal of centy and three years when he died the mountain of hor.

Numbers 33:40 now the cananeo, the king of arad, who lived in the region of canaan, heard about the coming of the sons of israel.

Numbers 33:41 they rushed from the mountain or leaded on zalmona.

Numbers 33:42 and they went from zalmona and halted to punon.

Numbers 33:43 and they went from punon and halted to oboth.

Numbers 33:44 and they left oboth and lead to ije-abarim, at the region of moab.

Numbers 33:45 and they went from ijim and lead to dibon-gad.

Numbers 33:46 and they went from dibon-gad and halted to almon-diblataim.

Numbers 33:47 and they went from almon-diblataim and lead on the mountains of abarim, ahead of nebo.

Numbers 33:48 and they went from the mountains and lead camp in the campends of moab, by the jordan river over jericho.

Numbers 33:49 and they camped on the jordan river from beth-jesimoth to abel-sittim, in the steps of moab.

Numbers 33:50 and the lord spoke to moses in the campenes of moab by the jordan river of jericho, saying,

Numbers 33:51 " speak to the israelites and tell them, when you passe the jordan into the land of canaan,

Numbers 33:52 then you will drive out all those who live on the earth from your presence, destroy all their idols and destroy all their idol idols.

Numbers 33:53 and take the land in possession and live in it, because i have given this land to you as possession.

Numbers 33:54 you possess the land in possession for your tribes. to the great possession you will give the great possession and the little possession to the little. in which his name comes out there it will be. according to the tribes of your ancestors you will inherit.

Numbers 33:55 but if you do not drive those who live on the earth from your presence, those of whom you left will be torns in your eyes and pickles on your places, and they will complete them in the land you live.

Numbers 33:56 and i will do to you just as i have decided to do them. "

Numbers 34:1 then the lord said to moses,

Numbers 34:2 " command the israelites and tell them, when you enter the land of canaan, this land will be your inheritance, the land of canaan with its regions.

Numbers 34:3 your negev side will be from the wilderness sin, ahead of edom, and your negev region will be from the loss of the glasn of salt sea,

Numbers 34:4 then your region will turn around from the suuth of akrabbim, passes through zin and exodos on the negev of cades-barnea. then it will go to hazar-addar and passe over to asmon.

Numbers 34:5 then the region will go around from asmon, to the river of egypt, and will find out to the sea.

Numbers 34:6 the west region will be the great sea to you. this must be your west of the west.

Numbers 34:7 " this will be your nord region : from the great sea you will remove out to the mountain hor.

Numbers 34:8 from hor mountain, at the way to hamath, and the confition will come to sedad.

Numbers 34:9 then the grenze will go to zifron, and it will come to hazer-enan. this will be your norderside region.

Numbers 34:10 to the west region you will destroy from hasar-enan to sepham.

Numbers 34:11 from sepham the region will come down to ribla, on the east of ain. then the region will come down and go to the beast of kinnereth on the east of the east of kinnereth.

Numbers 34:12 then the hangstron will go down to the jordan river and expect to the chain sea. this will be your land with its territory along. "

Numbers 34:13 then moses commanded the israelites, saying, " this is the land you will arrest in possession, which the lord commanded to give to the nive tribes and the halve tribe of the manassih.

Numbers 34:14 for the family of the familes of the rubenites and the family of the gadits according to their familes and the half of the tribe of manasseh received their possessions.

Numbers 34:15 two people and a half tribe received their sorts on the other side of the jordan residence of jericho, west of the west. "

Numbers 34:16 then the lord said to moses,

Numbers 34:17 " these are the name of the men who will inherit the earth for you : the priest eleazar and joshua, the son of nun.

Numbers 34:18 you will receive one child from each tribe to inherit the earth.

Numbers 34:19 these are the name of the men : kaleb, the son of jefunne, from the tribe of judah,

Numbers 34:20 from the tribe of simeon, selumiel, the son of ammihud ;

Numbers 34:21 from the tribe of benjamin, elidad, the son of kislon,

Numbers 34:22 from the tribe of dan, a child, the son of jogli ;

Numbers 34:23 from the sons of joseph, the tribe of the sons of manasseh, hanniel, the son of efod ;

Numbers 34:24 from the tribe of the sons of ephraim : kemuel, the son of sabtha ;

Numbers 34:25 from the tribe of zebulun, elizafan, the son of parnac,

Numbers 34:26 from the tribe of issachar, paltiel, son of azza ;

Numbers 34:27 from the tribe of the sons of asser, ahihud, the son of shelomi ;

Numbers 34:28 from the tribe of neftali, pedahel, the son of ammihud. "

Numbers 34:29 these were the people that the lord commanded to inherit the israelites in the land of canaan.

Numbers 35:1 and the lord spoke to moses in the campenes of moab by the jordan river of jericho, saying,

Numbers 35:2 " tell the people of israel that they will give the people from their possessions town to live, and give the people around them the villages around them.

Numbers 35:3 the towns will be for them to live, and their sufferings will be for their sheep, their lives, and for all their animals.

Numbers 35:4 the city that you will give to the lévites will be two hundred whations outside from the wall of the city.

Numbers 35:5 then make to outside of the city two hundred whations outside of the city, two thousand on the west side and two thousand on the west side and two hundred whations on the norder side, and the city will be in the middle. these will be the wall of the towns.

Numbers 35:6 and the cities you will give to the lévites will be six towns that you will give to flee to the murderer. with these people you will give four and two cities.

Numbers 35:7 all the towns you give to the lévites will be fourteen and eight people with their weights.

Numbers 35:8 and the cities you will give from the possessions of the people of israel, from those who are greater, and from the minor you receive it. each one will give the levits from your towns according to his possession that he possess. "

Numbers 35:9 then the lord said to moses,

Numbers 35:10 " speak to the israelites and tell them, when you passe the jordan into the land of canaan,

Numbers 35:11 then make yourselves a town of refug town for you, where someone who has killed a person by ignorance must fuke there.

Numbers 35:12 these towns must be for you as a fear from the blowser, so that the murderer should not be muled until he stood before the people for judgment.

Numbers 35:13 " and the cities you will give, sex will be for you to refuge.

Numbers 35:14 you will give three towns in the other side of the jordan river and three towns in the land of canaan,

Numbers 35:15 these towns will be a defluction for the people of israel, the extrander, and the inhabiting among you, so that everyone who has killed a person by ignorance will come away there. "

Numbers 35:16 if he loves him with a iron clothing and he dies, he is a morderer ; the murderer must be put to death.

Numbers 35:17 and if he threw a stone from the hand by which he is going to death, and he dies, he is a morderer ; the murderer must be put to death.

Numbers 35:18 and if he puts it with a tree of tree from which he is going to put to death and he dies, he is a morderer ; the murderer must be put to death.

Numbers 35:19 the blood of blood will kill the manderer. when he comes to him, he must kill him.

Numbers 35:20 if he threw him by a enemy or throws on him anything that is abandoned, so that he dies,

Numbers 35:21 or if he destroy him by his hand, so that he dies, the one who has killed must be put to death. he is a murderer. the blouger of the blood will kill the murderer when he finds him.

Numbers 35:22 but if someone takes him away without enemy or throws on him anything without a encouragement,

Numbers 35:23 or if he has not known every stone by which he can be died, and he falls on him so that he dies, but he was not his enemie or wanted to do him evil,

Numbers 35:24 then the group must pass judgment among the one who has killed and the blowwser, according to these commandments.

Numbers 35:25 then the group will save the murderer from the hand of the blowser, and the group will bring him back to the town where he has saved, and he will live there until the high priest is dead, the high priest, whom he has anointed with the holy oil.

Numbers 35:26 but if the manderer comes out of the region of the city where he lived,

Numbers 35:27 and the blood of blood of blood find him outside the region of his natural city, the blood of blood will murder the murderer, he will not be blood of him.

Numbers 35:28 for the manderer must live in his natural city until the high priest dies, but after the high priest is to die, the manderer must turn back to his own land.

Numbers 35:29 these things will be a condemnation of judgment for you in your generations, in all your looks.

Numbers 35:30 " whoever loves a person through witnesses must murder the murderer, but no witness will testify against the person to death.

Numbers 35:31 you must not accept a exclution for the body of the manderer who is enough to be killed, for he must be put to death.

Numbers 35:32 " you must not take free for the one who lives into the town of refugio, so that he may return and live in the land until the high priest has been dead.

Numbers 35:33 " do not destroy the land where you live, for blood destroy the earth, and your land will not be rejected by the blood that is poured on it, except by the blood of the one who heal it.

Numbers 35:34 " do not defile the land where you live, where i live among you, because i, the lord, live among the people of israel. "

Numbers 36:1 then the families of the families of the familes of the sons of gilead, the son of machir, son of manasseh, from the tribe of joseph, and spoke before moses and the rulers of the families of the people of israel.

Numbers 36:2 and said, " the lord commanded my lord to give the land in possession to the people of israel, and the lord has commanded my lord to give the inheritance of our brother selpahad to his daughter.

Numbers 36:3 but if they become women with one of the people of some of the tribes of the sons of israel, then their lose possession will be taken away from the possession of our ancestors, and the possession of our possession will be taken away. "

Numbers 36:4 now when the jubelnew of the israelites comes, their arvedel will be revealed to the inheritance of the tribe to whom they will become women, and their arvedel will be taken from the possession of the tribe of our ancestors. "

Numbers 36:5 then moses gave this order to the israelites according to the commandment of the lord, saying, " the tribe of the sons of joseph say.

Numbers 36:6 this is what the lord commanded about the daughters of zelpaad : they must become wife as they think, but they must become wife from the family of their father.

Numbers 36:7 so the possession of the people of israel will not run away from a tribe to another, for the tribes of the family of his ancestors will fast each one of the people. "

Numbers 36:8 and every woman who will give a ervant from the tribes of the people of israel must become her wife to one of the family of the family of her father, so that each of the people of israel may escape each one of the possessions of his ancestors.

Numbers 36:9 the tribe of the people will not remain from each tribe to another tribe, but the tribes of the people of israel must remain each one of his possessions. "

Numbers 36:10 the daughters of zelpaad did just as the lord ordered moses.

Numbers 36:11 and mahla, tirsa, hogla, milka, noa, and mahla, the daughters of zelofhads, became for their husbands.

Numbers 36:12 they became wife from the familes of the sons of manasseh, the son of joseph, and their arvedel became of the tribe of their father ' s family.

Numbers 36:13 these are the commandments and the commandments that the lord commanded through moses on the campenes of moab by the jordan river over jericho. do not imitate the land where you live, because i, the lord, live among the people of israel. "

Deuteronomy 1:1 these are the words that moses spoke to all the people of israel in the west of the wilderness, in the west of the red, among paran, tophel, laban, hazarot, and di-sahab.

Deuteronomy 1:2 elf days from horeb, on the way from the mountain of seir to cades-barnea.

Deuteronomy 1:3 on the firty-year year, on the elf month, on the first day of the month, moses spoke to the people of israel everything the lord had commanded him to them.

Deuteronomy 1:4 after he had killed sihon, the king of the amoreer who remained in hesbon, and og the king of basan who habited ashtaroth and edrei.

Deuteronomy 1:5 on the other side of the jordan river in the land of moab, moses began to destroy this law :

Deuteronomy 1:6 " the lord our god spoke to us in horeb and said, ' you have as long to live on this mountain,

Deuteronomy 1:7 return and go away to the mountain ' s mountain and to all your leaders of the araba, the mountain, the country, and the negev of the region, to the land of the cananeans, from libanon, to the great river, the euphrat.

Deuteronomy 1:8 look, i have put the earth before you. enter and inherit the land that i promised to your ancestors abraham, isaac, and jacob to give them and their descendants after them. ' "

Deuteronomy 1:9 in that time i said to you, ' i cannot carry you alone.

Deuteronomy 1:10 the lord your god has multiplied you, and look, you are today like the stars in the sky.

Deuteronomy 1:11 may the lord, the god of your ancestors, give you more thousand and give you thanks, just as he promised to you.

Deuteronomy 1:12 how can i only bring your harm, your control, your defense, and your accusations ?

Deuteronomy 1:13 give to yourselves for your tribes wise, wise, wise, and intelligent, and i will make them as rulers over you. "

Deuteronomy 1:14 then you replied, " it is good what you have spoken to do. "

Deuteronomy 1:15 then i received the rulers of your tribes, wise, wise, and intelligent of you, a commanding officer, hundred-hundreds, fifty, and officiers for your tribes.

Deuteronomy 1:16 in that time i commanded your judges, saying, ' listen to your brothers and judge just what is right among an man and his brother or a fremder who lives to him.

Deuteronomy 1:17 you must not recognize persons in judgment. you will judge the little like the great. you must not fear anyone, because the judgment is god. what is hard for you, bring it to me, so i will listen to him. "

Deuteronomy 1:18 in that time i commanded you all what you should do.

Deuteronomy 1:19 then we left horeb and went through that great and terrible wilderness that you saw, on the way of the mountain of the amoreens, just as the lord our god had commanded us. then we came to cades-barnea.

Deuteronomy 1:20 then i said to you, " you have come to the mountain ' s mountain that the lord our god give you.

Deuteronomy 1:21 look, the lord your god has given the earth before you. get up and arrest it just as the lord god of your ancestors has told you. do not be afraid or fear. ' "

Deuteronomy 1:22 then you approached me all and said, ' let us send men ahead of us to bear the land for us, and let us tell us the way we will go, and to the towns where we will go. "

Deuteronomy 1:23 i placed this reason, and i received twelve men from you, a man from every tribe.

Deuteronomy 1:24 so they turned and went up the mountain and came to the vall escol and arrested it.

Deuteronomy 1:25 they took some of the fruit of the earth with them and brought us to us and said, ' the land that the lord our god give us is good ! "

Deuteronomy 1:26 but you would not go up, but you rebelled the order of the lord your god.

Deuteronomy 1:27 you murmured in your tents and said, " because the lord hates us, he led us out of the land of egypt to give us into the hand of the amoreans to destroy us.

Deuteronomy 1:28 where do we go up ? our brothers have rejected our hearts, saying : ' there is a great nation more and more than we ! the towns are great and strengthened until heaven, and we have seen there the sons of the refaim. "

Deuteronomy 1:29 then i said to you, do not be afraid and do not be afraid of them.

Deuteronomy 1:30 the lord your god will go before you, he will strike for you, just as he did for you in egypt for you,

Deuteronomy 1:31 and in the wilderness that you saw that the lord your god received you, as a man carries his son, every way you went until you came to this place. "

Deuteronomy 1:32 but in this way you did not believe the lord your god,

Deuteronomy 1:33 he went before you on the road to proclaim for you a place where you lead. in the night he stood in fire to show you the way you should go, and day in a cloud.

Deuteronomy 1:34 when the lord heard your message, he became indignant and swored,

Deuteronomy 1:35 " no one of these good men will see this good land that i promised to their ancestors,

Deuteronomy 1:36 except kaleb, the son of jefunne. he will see it, and to him and his sons i will give the land where he went down, because he has obeyed the lord. "

Deuteronomy 1:37 so the lord appeared to me because of you, saying, ' you will never enter there ! "

Deuteronomy 1:38 jesus, the son of nun, who is your servant, will enter there. strengthen him, because he will inherit it to israel.

Deuteronomy 1:39 and every new child who does not know that is good or evil, they will enter there, and i will give it to them, and they will inherit it.

Deuteronomy 1:40 but you return and go to the wilderness by the way of the red sea. '

Deuteronomy 1:41 then you answered me, " we have sinned against the lord. we will go and strike just as the lord our god has commanded us. " each one took his strict and went up on the mountain.

Deuteronomy 1:42 but the lord said to me, ' tell them, do not ascend or strike, for i am not with you, so that you will not fall down before your enemies. ' "

Deuteronomy 1:43 but i spoke to you, but you did not listen to me, but rebelled against the commandment of the lord, and you turned away and went up the mountain.

Deuteronomy 1:44 then the amoriens who lived on that mountain went out to encontrare you, and they persecuted you as the women do, and stricted you from seir to horma.

Deuteronomy 1:45 so you went down and weeped before the lord, but the lord did not listen to your voice and did not listen to you.

Deuteronomy 1:46 so you stayed there many days in cades, as long as you lived.

Deuteronomy 2:1 so we turned and went to the wilderness, on the way of the red sea, as the lord had spoken to me, and we went around many days through the mountain of seir.

Deuteronomy 2:2 then the lord said to me,

Deuteronomy 2:3 " you have passed around this mountain. return on the nord.

Deuteronomy 2:4 and give the message to the people, ' you will pass through your brothers, the sons of esau, who live in seir. they will fear you, but you will be terrified.

Deuteronomy 2:5 do not strike with them, for i will not give you from their land or a foot of a foot, because i have given the mountain of seir to esau as possession.

Deuteronomy 2:6 you will buy some food from them for silver, and you will eat from them water to drink.

Deuteronomy 2:7 for the lord your god has blessed you in all your hands. you will know how you went through that great wilderness. there are firty years that the lord your god is with you, and you have nothing rejected. "

Deuteronomy 2:8 so we passed through our brothers, the sons of esau who live in seir, by the road of the araba, from elon and esjon-geber. we turned and went through the wilderness of moab.

Deuteronomy 2:9 then the lord said to me, ' do not complete moab and do not strike with them, for i will not give you some possessions from their country, because i have given seir to the sons of lot. "

Deuteronomy 2:10 ( in the first time the emimers habited there, a great, great, and strengthened like the anakits.

Deuteronomy 2:11 they were also called the refaïs like the anakits, but the moabites call them emim.

Deuteronomy 2:12 now in seir the horites remained first, but the sons of esau destroyed them and destroyed them from their presence, and they remained in their place, just as israel did with the land of his possession that the lord gave them. )

Deuteronomy 2:13 so get up and pass through the river of zered. " then we passed the river of zered.

Deuteronomy 2:14 the days we went away from cades-barnea until we passed the river of zered, were thirty and eight years, until all the generation of stricts were died from the camp, just as god had sworn.

Deuteronomy 2:15 and the hand of the lord was against them to destroy them from the camp until they were divided.

Deuteronomy 2:16 when all the solders had died from the crowd,

Deuteronomy 2:17 then the lord said to me,

Deuteronomy 2:18 " you will pass through the region of moab to seir.

Deuteronomy 2:19 you will approache the sons of ammon, but do not complete them or strike with them, for i will not give you any possession of the land of the sons of ammon because i have given it in possession to the sons of lot. "

Deuteronomy 2:20 ( ( in the region of refaim ) is called the region of the refaïs, but the ammonites call them zamzummim. )

Deuteronomy 2:21 there were a great, great, and more powerful, like the anakites. but the lord divided them from their presence, and they possessed them and ashabited their place.

Deuteronomy 2:22 just as he did to the sons of esau who live in seir, since he destroyed the horites from their presence, and they possessed them and ashabited their place.

Deuteronomy 2:23 and the avites who remained in hazers to gaza they destroyed the caftorians who had gone out from kaftor and ashabited their place. )

Deuteronomy 2:24 " get up and go over the river of arnon. look, i have given sihon, the king of hesbon, the amoritan, and his land in your hand. begin to inherit and company with him.

Deuteronomy 2:25 on this day i will begin to make a fear and fear for you before all the nations under the earth. when they hear about you, they will be terrified and fear from your presence. "

Deuteronomy 2:26 then i sent messengers from the wilderness of kedemot to sihon, king of hesbon, with freely words, saying :

Deuteronomy 2:27 " let me go through your land. i will go on the way, and i will not leave both right or left.

Deuteronomy 2:28 you will give me food for silver, and i will eat and give me water for silver, so that i will pass away.

Deuteronomy 2:29 just as the sons of esau who live in seir and the moabites who live in ar, until i go over the jordan into the land that the lord our god is given to us. "

Deuteronomy 2:30 but sihon the king of hesbon did not want us to pass through it, because the lord your god endured his spirit and endured his heart to give him into your hand, as it is now.

Deuteronomy 2:31 then the lord said to me, ' look, i have present to give sihon and his land before you. begin to take his land in possession ! '

Deuteronomy 2:32 so sihon, the king of hesbon, went out against us with all his people to make battle against jahas.

Deuteronomy 2:33 so the lord our god gave him over to us, and we killed him, his sons, and all his people.

Deuteronomy 2:34 in that time we pushed all his towns and destructed all the town, both men, women, and children ; we left nothing.

Deuteronomy 2:35 but we arrested the beast and the building of the towns that we received.

Deuteronomy 2:36 from aroer, that is by the river of arnon-torrent, and from the city that is in the dal until gilead there was no city who was in force for us. all things the lord our god gave us into our hand.

Deuteronomy 2:37 but you were not approaching the land of the sons of ammon, neither to the region of jabbok, or to the towns in the bergs and to everything the lord our god had commanded us.

Deuteronomy 3:1 then we turned and went on the way of basan. then og, king of basan, went out against us with all his people to combation to edrei.

Deuteronomy 3:2 then the lord said to me, " do not be afraid of him, for i have transformed him and all his people and his land. do to him just as you have done to sihon, the king of the amoreens who remained in hesbon. "

Deuteronomy 3:3 so the lord our god gave him both og, king of basan, and all his people in our hand, and we killed him until no one left him.

Deuteronomy 3:4 in that time we pushed all his towns. there was no city that we did not receive from them : sexty city, all the region of argob, the kingdom of og in basan.

Deuteronomy 3:5 all the towns were fortificted with high muur, ports and rives, except the large number of the perizites.

Deuteronomy 3:6 we destroyed them, just as we had done with sihon, king of hesbon, by all the towns, both men, women, and children.

Deuteronomy 3:7 but we forced for ourselves all the beast and the build of the towns.

Deuteronomy 3:8 in that time we received the earth from the hands of the two kings of the amoreens, who were on the other side of the jordan river, from the river arnon until the sea of hermon.

Deuteronomy 3:9 ( now the sidons call to hermon sirjon, but the amorites call it senir ).

Deuteronomy 3:10 all the city of the east, all gilead and all basan until salka and edrei, the towns of the kingdom of og in basan.

Deuteronomy 3:11 ( for og, the king of basan, was although he remained of the refaïs. look, his bed is a iron bed. look, it is in rabba of the sons of ammon ? he is a length of nine and a bread of four whative.

Deuteronomy 3:12 in that time we possessed that land : from aroer from the river arnon, and the half of the mountain of gilead with his towns i gave to the rubenians and the gadites.

Deuteronomy 3:13 and i gave the rest of the region of gilead and all basan, the kingdom of og, i gave to the half tribe of manasseh, all the region argob, all basan. they were called land of refaim.

Deuteronomy 3:14 jair, the son of manasseh, took the whole region of argob until the region of the gesurites and the maachatians, and he named them in his name basan, havoth of jair, and it is to this day.

Deuteronomy 3:15 and to machir i gave galaad.

Deuteronomy 3:16 but to the rubeniens and the gadites i gave from gilead to the flour arnon, in the middle of the river, the territory, and to the river jabbok, the region of the ammonites.

Deuteronomy 3:17 and the araba and the jordan river, the region of kinnereth, to the sea of the araba, the salt sea, under the flood of pisga, on the east of the east.

Deuteronomy 3:18 " in that time i commanded you, saying, ' the lord your god gave you this land in possession. you, all held of held, must go out before your brothers the israelites.

Deuteronomy 3:19 nevertheless, your women, your children, and your sheep - i know you have many feet ) must live in your towns i have given you.

Deuteronomy 3:20 until the lord give rest to your brothers, like you, and they too will inherit the land that the lord your god gives them on the other side of the jordan river. then you will turn back to his possession that i have given you. '

Deuteronomy 3:21 at that time i commanded joshua, saying, ' your eyes have seen everything the lord your god has done with these two kings. so the lord will do to all the kingdoms where you are going there.

Deuteronomy 3:22 " do not be afraid, for the lord your god will combation for you. "

Deuteronomy 3:23 in that time i prayed to the lord, saying,

Deuteronomy 3:24 " lord, lord, you have completed to show your servant your power and your starte hand, for which is there god in heaven or on earth who can do what you have done, and like your strength ?

Deuteronomy 3:25 let us go out and see this good land that is on the other side of the jordan river, this good mountain, and the libanon ! "

Deuteronomy 3:26 but the lord was indignant against me because of you, and he did not listen to me. the lord said to me, ' you are great ! speak not to speak these things.

Deuteronomy 3:27 get up on the topp of pisga, and leave your eyes to the west, on the west, the west, and the west, and see with your eyes, because you will not pass the jordan river.

Deuteronomy 3:28 and give joshua commanding, strength him and exhort him, for he will go before this people, and he will inherit them the land you will see. "

Deuteronomy 3:29 so we remained in the village near beth-peor. "

Deuteronomy 4:1 now, israel, listen to the commandments and judgments i teach you to do, so that you may live and enter and inherit the land that the lord your god is given to you.

Deuteronomy 4:2 you do not do anything to what i command you, and do not take away from it, but you must obey the commandments of the lord your god that i command you.

Deuteronomy 4:3 your eyes have seen what the lord has done with baal-peor. the lord your god has thrown out from among you every person who followed baal-peor.

Deuteronomy 4:4 but you who have been approached the lord your god, you all live today.

Deuteronomy 4:5 look, i have instructed you instances and judgments, just as my lord my lord commanded me to do so in the land you enter to inherit it.

Deuteronomy 4:6 hold to them and hold them them, for it is your wisdom and your knowledge in the presence of all the nations. if they hear all these commandments, they will say, ' this great nation is a wise and intelligent people ! '

Deuteronomy 4:7 for what great nation is a great god who is near them as the lord our god, whenever we call on him ?

Deuteronomy 4:8 and which nation is great that has righteous instants and righteous decrees like the whole law that i present before you today ?

Deuteronomy 4:9 but watch out and keep your life in guard, so that you will not forgive what your eyes have seen and that they may not remove from your heart all your living days, but proclaim it to your children and to the children of your children.

Deuteronomy 4:10 from the day you stood before the lord your god at horeb when the lord said to me, " gather the people, so that they will listen to my words, so that they will learn to fear me always as they live on the earth, and they will teach their children. "

Deuteronomy 4:11 then you approached the mountain, and the mountain was burning with fire until heaven, darkness, pill, and pill.

Deuteronomy 4:12 then the lord spoke to you from the fire. you heard the voice of your words, but you saw no image but a voice.

Deuteronomy 4:13 he told you his covenant that he commanded you to do, the ten commandments, and wrote them on two table table.

Deuteronomy 4:14 in that time the lord commanded me to teach you commandments and judgments, so that you may do them in the land where you enter to take it in possession.

Deuteronomy 4:15 listen to your souls greatly, because you did not see any image on the day the lord spoke to you on horeb from the fire.

Deuteronomy 4:16 " do not be transgressed and make yourselves a image, a image of any image, a image of a child or a wife,

Deuteronomy 4:17 a image of any animal animals that are on the earth, a image of any flute birds that lives under heaven,

Deuteronomy 4:18 a image of any animal mountain, a image of any fish that is in the water under the earth,

Deuteronomy 4:19 and if you looked up to heaven and see the sun, the moon, the stars, the whole world ' s world, get up and worship before them and worship them, for the lord your god gave them to all the nations under the whole sky.

Deuteronomy 4:20 but the lord has received you and brought you out of the iron iron from egypt, so that you were his own people, as it is now.

Deuteronomy 4:21 but the lord was indigned on me because you were said, and he swore that i would not go over the jordan and not enter the land that the lord your god give you to possession.

Deuteronomy 4:22 " for i will live in this land and will not pass through the jordan river, but you will pass through and inherit this good land.

Deuteronomy 4:23 watch out that you do not forgive the covenant of the lord your god that he made with you, and do yourselves a image, a image of anything that the lord your god has commanded.

Deuteronomy 4:24 for the lord your god is a devoring fire, a jealous god.

Deuteronomy 4:25 " if you have born children and children, and you live in the earth, and you will be transgressed and make a image, a image of anything, and do what is evil in the eyes of the lord your god and provoke him to anger,

Deuteronomy 4:26 i testify heaven and earth to testify against you today that you will perish from the land you pass from the jordan river to inherit it. you will not live longer there, but you will be cut away.

Deuteronomy 4:27 then the lord will sprew you among all the nations, and a little number of you will remain among the nations where the lord will bring you.

Deuteronomy 4:28 there you will serve god who are works of human hands, tree and stone, who do not see or hear or eat or clow.

Deuteronomy 4:29 but whenever you look for the lord your god, you will find him whenever you ask him with all your heart and with all your soul.

Deuteronomy 4:30 when you are passed, and all these things will find you at the last days, then you will turn back to the lord your god and obey his voice.

Deuteronomy 4:31 for the lord your god is a merciful god. he will not destroy you or destroy you, and he will not forgive the covenant that he promised with your ancestors.

Deuteronomy 4:32 " for ask the first days that has happened before you from the day god created a human created on the earth, and from the other side of heaven to the other, whether this great thing has happened or heard about such things ?

Deuteronomy 4:33 has a nation heard the voice of god speaking from the fire, just as you have heard and live ?

Deuteronomy 4:34 if god rejected to enter a nation from among a nation with temptation, miraculous signs, wonders, and battle, with sture hand and extend arm and great terrible, according to everything the lord your god has done in egypt before your eyes ?

Deuteronomy 4:35 you were about to know that the lord is god, and there is no other god except him.

Deuteronomy 4:36 from heaven he has made your voice to listen to you, and on the earth he showed you his great fire, and you heard his words from the fire.

Deuteronomy 4:37 because he loved your ancestors, he chose their descendants after them and led you out by his great power from egypt,

Deuteronomy 4:38 to driver out nations great and greater than you, to bring you into possessions of their land and to give you in possession, as it is now.

Deuteronomy 4:39 so know on this day and take your mind that the lord is god in heaven above and on the earth unize, and there is no other.

Deuteronomy 4:40 hold his commandments and his commandments that i command you today, so that it may be good to you and your children after you, and that you may live long in the land that the lord your god give you for all times.

Deuteronomy 4:41 then moses divided three cities on the other side of the jordan, on the east of the sun,

Deuteronomy 4:42 so that the person who has killed his neighbor without knowledge and has not hated him before, he must flee to one of these towns and live.

Deuteronomy 4:43 beor in the wilderness, in the wilderness, to the rubenians, ramoth in gilead to the gadites, and golan in basan for the manassees.

Deuteronomy 4:44 this is the law that moses placed before the sons of israel.

Deuteronomy 4:45 these are the testimony, the righteous, and the judgments that moses spoke to the israelites when they were gone out of egypt,

Deuteronomy 4:46 at the other side of the jordan river, in the dal near beth-peor, in the land of sihon, king of the amoritans, who remained in hesbon, whom moses and the israelites had loved after they had gone out of egypt.

Deuteronomy 4:47 they possessed his land and the land of og king of basan, two king of the amoreens, who were on the other side of the jordan river, on the east of the sun,

Deuteronomy 4:48 from aroer, that is on the river of the river arnon, until the mountain of sihon ( that is hermon ),

Deuteronomy 4:49 all the wilderness on the other side of the jordan river at the east of pisga.

Deuteronomy 5:1 then moses called all the people of israel and said to them, " listen, israel, the instance and the judgments i speak to your ears on this day. learn them and hold them to do.

Deuteronomy 5:2 the lord our god has made a covenant with us in horeb.

Deuteronomy 5:3 the lord made this covenant not with our ancestors, but with us who live today, all who live today.

Deuteronomy 5:4 the lord spoke with you face for face on the mountain from the fire.

Deuteronomy 5:5 i stood in that time among the lord and you to tell you the message of the lord, because you were afraid of the fire and did not stand up the mountain. he said,

Deuteronomy 5:6 " i am the lord your god, who led you out of egypt, from the slave.

Deuteronomy 5:7 you must not have other gods before me.

Deuteronomy 5:8 do not make a idol of idols or any image of what is obove in heaven or alow in the earth or in the water under the earth.

Deuteronomy 5:9 do not worship them or serve them. for i, the lord your god, am a jealous god, who repay the sins of the ancestors on children, to the third and fourth generation of those who hates me,

Deuteronomy 5:10 but i show mercy to tautions to those who love me and obey my commandments.

Deuteronomy 5:11 you must not take the name of the lord your god in vain, for the lord will not reject the one who practices his name toward nothing.

Deuteronomy 5:12 guard the sabbath day, as you sanctified it, just as the lord your god has commanded you.

Deuteronomy 5:13 six days you work and make all your deeds,

Deuteronomy 5:14 but the seventh day is the sabbath of the lord your god. on it do nothing work, or you, or your son or your daughter or your servants or your slaves or your beast or your beast or the extrancy who is in your ports, so that your slaves and your slavince may rest as you.

Deuteronomy 5:15 remember that you were a slaves in egypt and that the lord your god has brought you out of there with sture hand and extended arm. for this reason the lord your god gave you instruction to guard the sabbath day.

Deuteronomy 5:16 honor your father and your mother, as the lord your god commanded you, so that you may live long, and you may live in the land that the lord your god gives you.

Deuteronomy 5:17 " you must not murder.

Deuteronomy 5:18 you must not commit adultery.

Deuteronomy 5:19 " do not shephere.

Deuteronomy 5:20 do not testify false testimony against your neighbor.

Deuteronomy 5:21 " do not desire your neighbor ' s wife. do not desire your neighbor ' s house or his council, or his slave slave or his slave slave or whatever is your neighbor. "

Deuteronomy 5:22 these words said the lord to your whole group on the mountain, from the fire, darkness, and darkness, with loud voice, and did not find anything. he wrote them on two stones of stone and gave them to me.

Deuteronomy 5:23 when you heard the voice from the middle and the mountain buring with fire, you came to me, all your families, and your elders,

Deuteronomy 5:24 and you said, ' look, the lord our god has shown us his glory and his glory, and we have heard his voice from the fire. this day we have seen that god speaks to a person and he will live.

Deuteronomy 5:25 and now why will we die ? that this great fire will consume us. if we still hear the voice of the lord our god, we will die.

Deuteronomy 5:26 for which body, who heard the voice of the living god speaking from the fire, just as we are, and live ?

Deuteronomy 5:27 come you and listen whatever the lord our god will say, and you will speak to us everything the lord our god will speak to you, and we will listen and do it. "

Deuteronomy 5:28 when the lord heard your words when you were speaking to me, the lord said to me, ' i have heard the voice of this people that they have spoken to you. everything they have spoken is right.

Deuteronomy 5:29 may their hearts be such for them so that they may fear me and obey my commandments always, so that it and their children will be good for all times.

Deuteronomy 5:30 go and tell them, ' turn back to your homes.

Deuteronomy 5:31 but you stand here with me, so i will speak to you all the commandments, instance, and judgments that you will teach them, so that they may do them in the land i give them to possession. "

Deuteronomy 5:32 you must obey what the lord your god has commanded you. do not deceive to right or left.

Deuteronomy 5:33 live in every way that the lord your god commanded you to go, so that you may live and be good for you, and that you may live long in the land you possess. "

Deuteronomy 6:1 " now these are the commandments, the commandments, and the judgments that the lord your god gave you to teach you to do in the land where you enter to take it in possession,

Deuteronomy 6:2 so that you may fear the lord your god and guard all his commandments and commandments that i command you, you and your son and your child, all the time you live, and that your days may live.

Deuteronomy 6:3 listen, israel, and hold out to do it, so that it may be well to you and to multiply great abundance, just as the lord god of your ancestors has spoken to you, in a land spring with milk and honey.

Deuteronomy 6:4 these are the instants and judgments that the lord commanded to the sons of israel when they went out of egypt : listen, israel ! the lord our god is the one lord.

Deuteronomy 6:5 love the lord your god with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your strength.

Deuteronomy 6:6 these words that i command you today will be in your heart and in your heart.

Deuteronomy 6:7 and provide them to your sons, and speak about them as you live in your house, and go on the way, lead or stand up.

Deuteronomy 6:8 you will put them as a sign on your hand, and they will be as a scroll among your eyes.

Deuteronomy 6:9 you will write them on the tocks of your house and on your ports.

Deuteronomy 6:10 when the lord your god will bring you into the land that he swore to your ancestors, abraham, isaac, and jacob, to give you, great and great town that you did not build,

Deuteronomy 6:11 you have full of all good things that you have not satisfied, covered cisters that have not cut out, vineyards and olives that you have not planted, and you will eat and be satisfied.

Deuteronomy 6:12 get your regard so that you may not forgive the lord who led you out of egypt, from the slave of slavery.

Deuteronomy 6:13 do fear the lord your god, and serve him, and by his name do you swear.

Deuteronomy 6:14 you must not follow others, the divisions of the nations that are around you,

Deuteronomy 6:15 for the lord your god is a jealous god among you, so that your anger is not enflamed against you and he would destroy you from the earth.

Deuteronomy 6:16 " do not tempt the lord your god, as you tempted him in massa.

Deuteronomy 6:17 you must guard the commandments of the lord your god and his testimony and the commandments that he commanded you.

Deuteronomy 6:18 do what is right and good in the eyes of the lord, so that it may be good and you may enter the good land that the lord spoke to your ancestors,

Deuteronomy 6:19 to destroy all your enemies before you, just as he promised.

Deuteronomy 6:20 " when your son will ask you, ' what are the testimony, the commandments, and the judgments that the lord our god has commanded you ? '

Deuteronomy 6:21 then tell your son, ' we were slaves to pharaoh in egypt, but the lord led us out of there with a sture hand.

Deuteronomy 6:22 so the lord gave great miraculous signs and wonders in egypt against pharaoh and all his household before us.

Deuteronomy 6:23 but he led us out from there to bring us in possession to give us this land that he promised to give our ancestors.

Deuteronomy 6:24 and the lord commanded us to do all these commandments and to fear the lord our god so that it may be good to us always, so that we may live, just as it is now.

Deuteronomy 6:25 and it will be the righteousness for us if we obey to obey all these commandments before the lord our god, as he has commanded us. ' "

Deuteronomy 7:1 " when the lord your god will bring you into the land you enter to possession, and he will drive out great nations before you, the hetites, girgasees, amoreens, canaan, perizzians, hevies, and jebusees, seven nations that are more and greater than you are,

Deuteronomy 7:2 and if the lord your god give them in your hand and you will strike them, you must destroy them along. do not make a covenant with them or show mercy on them.

Deuteronomy 7:3 do not be married with them. you should not give your daughter to his sons or take their daughters for your son,

Deuteronomy 7:4 for they will send your sons away from me and they will serve others. then the spirit of the lord will flamke up against you and will destroy you quictoly.

Deuteronomy 7:5 but this must you do with them : destroy their altars, destroy their stones, cut off their ashers, and will burn their idols with fire.

Deuteronomy 7:6 for you are a holy people for the lord your god. the lord your god chosen you to be his own people than all the nations of the earth.

Deuteronomy 7:7 " not because you were more greater than all the nations, the lord rejected you and chosen you, for you are the feast than all the nations.

Deuteronomy 7:8 but because he loved you and because he loved the swear he swore to your ancestors, the lord brought you out with a sterce hand and redemmed you from the slave of pharaoh, king of egypt.

Deuteronomy 7:9 then know that the lord your god is god, a faithful god who bears the covenant and mercy to those who love you and hold his commandments until generations generations,

Deuteronomy 7:10 he will give his hates to those who hates them, to destroy them. he does not reject the one who hates them, he will repay them to his face.

Deuteronomy 7:11 so hold the commandments, instance, and judgments that i command you today to do.

Deuteronomy 7:12 whenever you hear all these commandments and obey them and follow them, the lord your god will guard you the covenant and the mercy he spoke to your ancestors.

Deuteronomy 7:13 he will love you, will praise you and multiply you, and will thank the fruit of your mouth and the fruit of your earth, your wheat, your wine, your olives, the share of your horns and the sheep of your sheep in the land that he swore to your ancestors to give you.

Deuteronomy 7:14 you will be blessed along than all the nations. there will not be enemy or barren among you or among your bears.

Deuteronomy 7:15 then the lord will take every sickness away from you. he will not put all the evil deeds of egypt that you know, but will put them on all those who hates you.

Deuteronomy 7:16 you will eat all the nations that the lord your god give you. you must not spare them, and do not serve their gods, for it will be a suffering for you.

Deuteronomy 7:17 " if you say in your mind, ' these nations are more than i, how can i destroy them ? '

Deuteronomy 7:18 do not be afraid of them. remember what the lord your god has done to pharaoh and to all the egyptians,

Deuteronomy 7:19 the great tentations that you saw with your eyes, the miraculous signs and the miraculous hand and the scattering arm that the lord your god brought you out. so the lord your god will do so to all the nations you are afraid.

Deuteronomy 7:20 and the lord your god will send their spelonks to them until the rest of those who have left and have been suffered from your presence.

Deuteronomy 7:21 do not be afraid of them, because the lord your god is among you, a great and terrible god.

Deuteronomy 7:22 and the lord your god will destroy these nations from your presence for a little while, and you will not destroy them quicchly, so that the wild birds may multiply against you.

Deuteronomy 7:23 but the lord your god will give them in your hand and destroy them with great destruction until they are destructed.

Deuteronomy 7:24 he will give their kings in your hand, and you will destroy their name from that place. no one will stand before you until you have destroyed them.

Deuteronomy 7:25 you will burn their guests of idols with fire. do not desire silver or gold from them and do not take it for yourselves, so that you will not be struck by it, because it is a abomination for the lord your god.

Deuteronomy 7:26 you must not bring a abomination into your home, so that you will be a cursion like this. insult yourself and abominable yourself, because it is cursed.

Deuteronomy 8:1 " you must obey all the commandments i command you today, so that you may live and multiply, and enter and inherit the land that the lord spoke to your ancestors.

Deuteronomy 8:2 remember all the way the lord your god brought you in the wilderness for humilid you and to test you, so that you may know what is in your heart, whether you obey his commandments or not.

Deuteronomy 8:3 he insulted you, encouraged you and died you with the manna that your ancestors did not know, to tell you that human man does not live by bread alone, but that the person is living by every way that comes out of the mouth of the lord.

Deuteronomy 8:4 these firty years because of these firty years your clothes were not destroyed from you.

Deuteronomy 8:5 then know in your heart that just as a man disciplines his son, so the lord your god will discipline you.

Deuteronomy 8:6 and hold the commandments of the lord your god, to follow his way and fear him.

Deuteronomy 8:7 for the lord your god will bring you into a good land, in a good land that are waters of water, fontions, and abyss spring out through the countryside and the mountains.

Deuteronomy 8:8 the city of the fever and the order, the vineyard, the fig trees, a land of olives, olives and hond.

Deuteronomy 8:9 a land where you will not eat your bread with affliction, and there will not be anything in it, a land where the stones are iron, and from her mountains you will clow bronze.

Deuteronomy 8:10 when you eat and be satisfied, you will praise the lord your god on the good land he gave you.

Deuteronomy 8:11 " get attention for that you do not forgive the lord your god and do not obey his commandments, instance, and instance that i command you today.

Deuteronomy 8:12 when you eat and be satisfied, and built good homes and live in them,

Deuteronomy 8:13 when your sheep and your sheep multiply, and your silver and gold multiply, and all you have in abundance,

Deuteronomy 8:14 let your heart be exalted, and you may forgive the lord, who led you out of egypt, from the slave of slavery.

Deuteronomy 8:15 who led you through this great and terrible wilderness, whose serpents of scorpions and scorpions, thirsty without water, who led water out to you from hart rock,

Deuteronomy 8:16 he gave you to eat the manna in the wilderness that your ancestors did not know, to humble you and to test you, and to make you good in your time.

Deuteronomy 8:17 " do not say in your heart, ' my power and the power of my hand has made this power to me. '

Deuteronomy 8:18 but remember the lord your god, because he gives you power to do power, so that he may confirme his covenant that he promised to your ancestors, as he is today.

Deuteronomy 8:19 but if you forgner the lord your god and follow others and serve them and worship them, i testify against you today that you will perish.

Deuteronomy 8:20 just as the nations that the lord perish from your presence, so you will perish, because you did not obey the voice of the lord your god. "

Deuteronomy 9:1 listen, israel ! you are going over the jordan day to enter nations who are greater and greater than you are, a great and strengthened city until heaven,

Deuteronomy 9:2 a great and great people of the sons of anac, whom you know, and you heard that who will stand before the sons of anac ? "

Deuteronomy 9:3 know on this day that the lord your god is the one who is going ahead of you as a devoring fire. he will destroy them, and he will send them away from you and destroy them, just as the lord has spoken to you.

Deuteronomy 9:4 when the lord your god will drive these nations before you, do not say in your heart, ' because of my righteousness the lord brought me in this land to possesse it, but because of the transgression of these nations, the lord drives them out from your presence.

Deuteronomy 9:5 not because of your righteousness or because of your pure heart you enter to inherit their land, but because of the transgression of these nations the lord your god drives them out from your presence, and so that you may confirme what he spoke to your ancestors, abraham, isaac, and jacob.

Deuteronomy 9:6 so know that the lord your god does not give you this good land because of your righteousness, because you are a hard people.

Deuteronomy 9:7 " remember and do not forgive what you provoked the lord your god in the wilderness. from the day you went out of the land of egypt until you came to this place, you have rebelled your rebellion against the lord.

Deuteronomy 9:8 now in horeb you destroyed the lord, and the lord was enraged against you to destroy you.

Deuteronomy 9:9 when i went up the mountain to take the stones of stone, the table of the covenant that the lord made with you, i stayed on the mountain for firty days and firty nights, but i had not eaten bread and not drinking water.

Deuteronomy 9:10 then the lord gave me the two stones of stone written with the finger of god, and on them were all the words that the lord had spoken to you on the mountain on the mountain on the day of the congregment.

Deuteronomy 9:11 after firty days and firty night the lord gave me the two stones of stone, the table of the covenant.

Deuteronomy 9:12 then the lord said to me, ' get up, come down from here, because your people that you have brought out of egypt has become ungodly rebelled. they have quicly left the way i had commanded them. they have made a image for themselves.

Deuteronomy 9:13 then the lord said to me, " i have seen this people, and look, it is a harden people.

Deuteronomy 9:14 let me go me to destroy them, so that i will destroy their name from under heaven, and i will make you a greater and greater nation than they. "

Deuteronomy 9:15 then i returned and went down from the mountain, and the mountain was branning with fire, and the two table of the testimony were in my two hands.

Deuteronomy 9:16 and i saw that you had sinned against the lord your god and made a little food for yourselves, turning away from the way that the lord had commanded you.

Deuteronomy 9:17 then i took the two table and throwed them from my two hands and broke them in your presence.

Deuteronomy 9:18 then i fell down before the lord, just as the former time, four days and firty nights, but i had not eaten bread and not drinking water because of all your sins that you had committed, doing what was evil in the eyes of the lord, to provoke him.

Deuteronomy 9:19 for i were afraid of the wrath and wrath that the lord had complete against you to destroy you. but the lord heard me even now.

Deuteronomy 9:20 and the lord became very anger to aaron to destroy him, but i prayed even for aaron at that time.

Deuteronomy 9:21 then i took your sonder, the kalf that you had done, and burned it in fire, and cut it down, threw it down, so that it became like stof, and i threw the stof into the beek that fell from the mountain.

Deuteronomy 9:22 and in tabera, in massa, in kibrot-hattaava you provoked hard against the lord.

Deuteronomy 9:23 now when the lord sent you out of cades-barnea, saying, ' get up and possesse the land i give you, " so you rebelled against the commandment of the lord your god and did not believe him and did not obey his voice.

Deuteronomy 9:24 you have been rebelled against the lord from the day i know you.

Deuteronomy 9:25 and i fell down before the lord for firty days and firty nights, for the lord said to destroy you.

Deuteronomy 9:26 then i prayed to the lord and said, " lord, lord, do not destroy your people or your possession that you redemi by your great power, whom you have led out out of egypt with your state hand.

Deuteronomy 9:27 remember your servants abraham, isaac, and jacob. do not look at the hardness of this people and to their ungodly and sin,

Deuteronomy 9:28 so that the people where you have brought us would not say, ' because the lord cannot bring them into the land that he had promised to them, and because he hated them, he led them out to kill them in the wilderness. '

Deuteronomy 9:29 they are your people and your sorts that you led out with your great power and your extended arm. "

Deuteronomy 10:1 at that time the lord said to me, " take two stones of stone like the first, and come up to me on the mountain, and make a ark of tree for you.

Deuteronomy 10:2 then i will write on the table the words that were on the first table that you break, and you will put them into the ark. "

Deuteronomy 10:3 then i made a ark of akacia tree and broke two stones of stone like the first, and i went up the mountain with the two table in my hand.

Deuteronomy 10:4 then he wrote on the table according to the first scripture, the ten words that the lord spoke to you on the mountain from the fire from the mountain from the mountain. and the lord gave them to me.

Deuteronomy 10:5 then i returned and went down from the mountain and put the table into the ark i had done, and they were there, just as the lord had commanded me.

Deuteronomy 10:6 now the israelites went away from beerot-bene-jaakim from mosera. there aaron died and was buried there, and his son eleazar became priesthood in his place.

Deuteronomy 10:7 from there they went to gudgoda, from gudgoda to jotbata, a region of waters.

Deuteronomy 10:8 in that time the lord divided the tribe of levi, to find the ark of the covenant, to stand before the lord, to serve, and to praise in his name, which is to this day.

Deuteronomy 10:9 for this reason levi does no part and possession among his brothers. the lord is his possession, as the lord, his god, promised to him.

Deuteronomy 10:10 so i stood on the mountain as the same time, four days and firty night. and the lord heard me even the fourtain, but the lord would not destroy you.

Deuteronomy 10:11 then the lord said to me, " get up and go before this people, so they will enter and inherit the land i promised to their ancestors to give it. "

Deuteronomy 10:12 now now, israel, what is what the lord your god prays for you except to fear your god, to live in all his wells, to love him, to serve the lord your god with all your heart and with all your soul,

Deuteronomy 10:13 to obey the commandments of the lord and his commandments that i command you today so that it may be good for you.

Deuteronomy 10:14 look, the heavens and the heavens of heaven, the earth and everything that is in it.

Deuteronomy 10:15 but only to your ancestors the lord rejected to love them, and he chose their descendants after them, you from all the nations, as it is now.

Deuteronomy 10:16 therefore circumcide your heart ' s harm and do not make your neck hard.

Deuteronomy 10:17 for the lord your god is the god of guelty, lord of lors, god, great, great, terrible, who does not worship and does not receive offering.

Deuteronomy 10:18 he practices the judgment to the orfyn and widow, and loves the fremder and give him bread and clothing.

Deuteronomy 10:19 love the fremder, for you were foreigners in egypt.

Deuteronomy 10:20 do fear the lord your god, and serve him, and by his name do you swear.

Deuteronomy 10:21 he is your praise, and he is your god, who has done for you these great and terrifious things that your eyes have seen.

Deuteronomy 10:22 your ancestors went down into egypt with seventy persons, but now the lord your god has done you so many as the stars in heaven.

Deuteronomy 11:1 " love the lord your god and obey his instruction, his commandments, his commandments, his commandments, his commandments, and his commandments.

Deuteronomy 11:2 and know on this day, because i am not to your children, who did not know or see the discipline of the lord your god, his great power, his starte hand, his exstrected arm,

Deuteronomy 11:3 his miraculous signs and his miraculous signs that he did in egypt to pharaoh, the king of egypt, and for all his land,

Deuteronomy 11:4 and what he has done to the power of the egyptians, their hors and their hors, because he called the waters of the red sea to them when they followed you, and that the lord destroyed them to this day,

Deuteronomy 11:5 and what he has done for you in the wilderness until you came to this place,

Deuteronomy 11:6 and what he has done with dathan and abiram, the sons of eliab the son of ruben, when the earth had opened his mouth and swallowed them with their husbands, their tentes, and everything that was with them in the middle of all the israelites.

Deuteronomy 11:7 for your eyes have seen all the great deeds of the lord that he has done.

Deuteronomy 11:8 hold the commandments i give you today, so that you may be strengthened and enter and inherit the land you went over to possesn it.

Deuteronomy 11:9 and so that you may live long in the land that the lord promuried to your ancestors to give them and their descendants, a land flowing milk and honor.

Deuteronomy 11:10 for the land you enter to inherit is not like the land of egypt from which you went out, where you sow the seed and watered it with your feet as a garden of plants.

Deuteronomy 11:11 but the land you enter to inherit is a land from mountains and lades, who drinks water from the rain of heaven,

Deuteronomy 11:12 a land that the lord your god regards for it, and the eyes of the lord your god are always on it from the beginning of the year until the end of the year.

Deuteronomy 11:13 " if you obey his commandments i command you today to love the lord your god and serve him with all your heart and with all your soul,

Deuteronomy 11:14 then i will give your land rain at your time, the first and earthly reason, so that you will bring your wheat, your wine, and your olives.

Deuteronomy 11:15 and i will give grain in your camp for your bears, and you will eat and be satisfied.

Deuteronomy 11:16 ' get attention for that your heart will not be distressed, and that you go and worship others and worship them,

Deuteronomy 11:17 so the anger of the lord will be enflamed against you, and he will destroy heaven so that there will not be rain, and the earth will not give its fruit, and you will be quicly divided from the good land that the lord has given you.

Deuteronomy 11:18 so put these words off your hearts and your life, and put them as a sign on your hand, so that they will be as a tear among your eyes.

Deuteronomy 11:19 and teaching them to your children to speak about them, as you live in your house or go on the way, where you will lead or stand.

Deuteronomy 11:20 you will write them on the tocks of your house and on your ports.

Deuteronomy 11:21 so that you and your children may live in the land that the lord swore to your ancestors to give them, like the days of heaven on the earth.

Deuteronomy 11:22 for if you obey these commandments i command you to do it, to love the lord your god and follow all his wells and follow him,

Deuteronomy 11:23 then will the lord drive out all these nations before you, and you will inherit great and greater nations than you.

Deuteronomy 11:24 every place where your feet lives will be your : from the wilderness from libanon, from the great river, the river euphrat, and to the west of the west, will your region be.

Deuteronomy 11:25 no one will stand before you. the lord your god will put fear and fear for you on the face of the whole land you follow, just as he has spoken to you.

Deuteronomy 11:26 look, i put before you today blessing and fluction.

Deuteronomy 11:27 the blessing if you obey the commandments of the lord your god that i command you today,

Deuteronomy 11:28 and the fluction if you do not obey the commandments of the lord your god and depart from the way i command you today, to follow others who you do not know.

Deuteronomy 11:29 " when the lord your god will bring you into the land where you are going to take it in possession, you may give the blessing on the mountain garizim and the fluck on the mountain ebal.

Deuteronomy 11:30 is these not the other side of the jordan river, after the way to the west of the sun, in the land of canaan who live in the wilderness along gilgal, along the terebinthe terebinth.

Deuteronomy 11:31 for you will pass through the jordan river to enter the land that the lord your god give you. you will inherit it and live in it.

Deuteronomy 11:32 you must obey all the commandments and judgments that i put before you today. "

Deuteronomy 12:1 " these are the commandments and judgments that you will obey in the land that the lord the god of your ancestors is given you as possession, all the days you live on the earth.

Deuteronomy 12:2 you will destroy all the regions where they have served their divisions, on high mountains, on the high mountains, on the mountains, and under every ground tree.

Deuteronomy 12:3 you will destroy their altars, threw their statues, destroy their ashers with fire and will destroy the idols of their gods, and take away their name from that place.

Deuteronomy 12:4 do not do this with the lord your god.

Deuteronomy 12:5 but it is to the place that the lord your god will chose in one of your tribes to make his name there, you will look for it and enter there.

Deuteronomy 12:6 there you will bring your branner-offerings, your sacrifices, your offering offeres, your heasure and your free offering, and the firstborn of your hors and of your sheep.

Deuteronomy 12:7 there you will eat there before the lord your god and rejoice over everything you put on your hands, you and your familes, because the lord your god has blessed you.

Deuteronomy 12:8 you do not do everything we do here today, each one does what is right before him.

Deuteronomy 12:9 for you have not come until now into the rest of rest and in the possession that the lord your god give you.

Deuteronomy 12:10 but when you passe the jordan and live in the land that the lord your god will give you in possession, and he will give you rest from all your enemies around all there, and you will live trying to be trying.

Deuteronomy 12:11 then in the place that the lord your god chose to live his name there will bring everything i command you : your holocausts, your sacrifices, your tienden offerings, your offering offering, the offering offering of your hands, your offerings, everything elect of your offerings that you pray to your god.

Deuteronomy 12:12 and you will be glad before the lord your god, you and your sons and your daughters, your slaves, your slaves, the levit who is in your ports, because he has no part or possession with you.

Deuteronomy 12:13 " get attention for not to offer your brances in every place you see.

Deuteronomy 12:14 but in the place that the lord will choose in one of your tribes, there you will offer your brances and there you will do everything i command you.

Deuteronomy 12:15 but whatever you desist, you will offer and eat flesh according to the blessing of the lord your god that he has given you in all your towns. the unclean and the clean will eat it like a gazel or a snake.

Deuteronomy 12:16 but you must not eat your blood. you will blood it out on the ground like water.

Deuteronomy 12:17 you can not eat in your towns the tighth of your wheat, your wine, your olive oil, the firstborn of your horns and your sheep or all your promises or your offerings and the offering offerings of your hands.

Deuteronomy 12:18 but you should eat it before the lord your god in the place that the lord your god chosen, you, your son, your daughter, your servant, your slave slaves, the extrancy who is in your poorten, and you will rejoice before the lord your god in everything you put on.

Deuteronomy 12:19 get your regard so that you may not destroy the leviat in all your time in the earth.

Deuteronomy 12:20 when the lord your god causes your region, just as he promised you, and say, ' i will eat flesh. ' since your life desires to eat flesh, you eat flesh in all your desires.

Deuteronomy 12:21 if the place that the lord your god will choise to live his name is distance from you, then you will offer some of your horns and of your sheep that the lord has given you, as i have commanded you, and eat in your towns according to your desire.

Deuteronomy 12:22 but eat it just as the gazel and the sheep eat it. so the unclean and the clean must eat it.

Deuteronomy 12:23 but get attention to not to eat blood, because blood is life, and you must not eat the life with the flesh.

Deuteronomy 12:24 you must not eat it, but you will send it out to the ground like water.

Deuteronomy 12:25 do not eat it so that it may be good for you and your children after you, since you do what is right in the eyes of the lord.

Deuteronomy 12:26 but you take your holy things that you have, and your promises, you take and go to the place that the lord will choose.

Deuteronomy 12:27 and you will offer your brannouns, the flesh and the flesh on the altar of the lord your god. and the blood of your sacrifices must gate on the altar of the lord your god, but you will eat the flesh.

Deuteronomy 12:28 obey and obey all these words that i command you, so that it may be good for you and your children for you forever, because you do what is right in the eyes of the lord your god.

Deuteronomy 12:29 " when the lord your god will destroy the nations to whom you are going to take their land in possession, and you take them in possession and live in their land,

Deuteronomy 12:30 stay alert that you will not follow them after they are taken out before you, and do not ask their gods, saying, ' how can these nations do their dives ? i too will do. '

Deuteronomy 12:31 do not do this to the lord your god, for they have done all the abominations that the lord hates, they have done for their gods, because they have burned their sons and daughters with fire for their gods.

Deuteronomy 12:32 " you should obey what i command you to do. do not take anything to it or take away from it.

Deuteronomy 13:1 " if a prophet or a drunker is raised among you and give you sign or wonders,

Deuteronomy 13:2 the sign or the miraculous sign that he spoke to you saying, ' let us go and serve others, whom you did not know, and serve others, '

Deuteronomy 13:3 " you will not listen to the words of that prophet or of that drunker, because the lord your god will test you to know if you love the lord your god with all your heart and with all your soul.

Deuteronomy 13:4 you must follow the lord your god, and you will be afraid of him and obey his commandments, you will listen to his voice and obey him.

Deuteronomy 13:5 the prophet or the one who shows a drunk must be died, for he has spoken to deceive you from the lord your god, who led you out of the land of egypt and redemted you from the slavey, to destroy you from the way that the lord your god commanded you to go. then destroy the evil one from among you.

Deuteronomy 13:6 if your brother or son of your mother or your son or your daughter or your wife or your friend, who desires your life, will exhort you, saying, ' let us go and serve others, whom or your ancestors did not know,

Deuteronomy 13:7 you will be different from the god of the nations who are around you, near you or far from you, from the one extrem of the earth to the other.

Deuteronomy 13:8 you should not suffery with him, and you will not listen to him. do not spare him, do not spare him or reject him.

Deuteronomy 13:9 you should be about him, because your hands will be first against him to kill him, and on the last time the hand of the whole people.

Deuteronomy 13:10 you must stone him with stone and stone him, because he wanted to reject you from the lord your god, who led you out of egypt, from the slavering house.

Deuteronomy 13:11 among you and all the people of israel will hear it and be afraid, and they will not do this evil thing in your middle.

Deuteronomy 13:12 " if you hear in one of your towns that the lord your god give you to live there,

Deuteronomy 13:13 some transgressed people have gone out from among you, and they have destroyed the inhabitants of their town, saying, ' let us go and serve others things whom you did not know,

Deuteronomy 13:14 just as you should ask and interrogate, and if it is true and true, that this abomination has been done among you,

Deuteronomy 13:15 you will think all those who live in that city with the sword of the sword, you will destroy it and everything that is in it.

Deuteronomy 13:16 " in the wilderness and all its buyds you will gather on the places of the city, and burn the city with fire and all its buyds, in the presence of the lord your god. so it will be a wilderness for ever, and no longer will be revealed.

Deuteronomy 13:17 you should nothing from the offering take up in your hand, so that the lord return from his wrath and give you mercy and show mercy on you and multimnow you, as he promised to your ancestors.

Deuteronomy 13:18 just as you obey the voice of the lord your god to obey all his commandments that i command you today, doing what is right before the eyes of the lord your god. "

Deuteronomy 14:1 you are the sons of the lord your god. do not make a hail on your eyes because of a dead.

Deuteronomy 14:2 for you are a holy people for the lord your god, and you has chosen you as his own people from all the nations of the earth.

Deuteronomy 14:3 " do not eat anything abominable.

Deuteronomy 14:4 these are the beast that you may eat : a beast, the sheep, and a boot,

Deuteronomy 14:5 a chip, a gazel, the bow, the gather, the antilopp, the antilopen, and the antilopen.

Deuteronomy 14:6 you will eat every beast who has klops gestita, who rument among the beast, you should eat.

Deuteronomy 14:7 " you do not eat those who rument, and from those who have kluw kloups : the camel, the staff, the klick, because they eat but have no disdired kloue : they will be unclean for you.

Deuteronomy 14:8 it is not unclean for you, because it has klow had but does not white, it will be a unclean for you. you do not eat their flesh and do not touch their body.

Deuteronomy 14:9 from everything that is in the water you will eat : everything that has flupes and slanches you will eat.

Deuteronomy 14:10 but you must not eat anything that does not have fins and spill. it will be a unclean for you.

Deuteronomy 14:11 all clean birds you will eat.

Deuteronomy 14:12 but these are the ones that you do not eat : the arend, the having, the lamp,

Deuteronomy 14:13 the cocking, the sound, all arter of the round,

Deuteronomy 14:14 all raves with his especie,

Deuteronomy 14:15 the struck, the stran, the stran, the stran,

Deuteronomy 14:16 the croll, the clothing, the cripel,

Deuteronomy 14:17 the basan, all the especies with its especies, the clothing, the scroll,

Deuteronomy 14:18 the bash, all the arter with its especie, the scarl clothing, and the scroll.

Deuteronomy 14:19 all the birds reptiles must be unclean for you ; you should not eat it.

Deuteronomy 14:20 all clean birds you will eat.

Deuteronomy 14:21 you must not eat anything dead ; it must be given to the extrancy who is in your poorten, or you should give it to the extrander, because you are a holy people to the lord your god. you must not keep a bock in the milk of his mother.

Deuteronomy 14:22 you will give the tiend of every produce of your descendants, which produces the field, year after year.

Deuteronomy 14:23 to eat it before the lord your god in the place that he calls to live his name, the tighty of your wheat, your most, your olive oil, the firstborn of your hors and of your sheep, so that you may learn to fear the lord your god always.

Deuteronomy 14:24 but if the way is far from you and you cannot remove it, because the place that the lord your god will choose to live his name there is far from you, because the lord your god will praise you,

Deuteronomy 14:25 then you take it in silver, and take the money in your hand and go to the place that the lord your god will chose.

Deuteronomy 14:26 you will give the money whatever you want, hors, sheep, wine, drink, or whatever you want, and eat there before the lord your god and rejoice, you and your family.

Deuteronomy 14:27 and not to the lew who is in your poorten, because he does not have part or possession with you.

Deuteronomy 14:28 after three years you will bring all your tiefs of your produce at that year and put it in your powers.

Deuteronomy 14:29 then the leviet, because he has no part or possession with you, and the extrancy, the orphelin, and the widow who are in your poorten, and they will eat and be satisfied, so that the lord your god may praise you in all your deeds you make.

Deuteronomy 15:1 " after seven years you will give forgiveness.

Deuteronomy 15:2 and this is the inscription of the forgiveness : everyone who should need his neighbor should forgive his neighbor and your brother, because it is called the forgiveness to the lord.

Deuteronomy 15:3 you must leave the extral. but whatever you have for your brother, you should forgive your regard.

Deuteronomy 15:4 for there will not be a poor among you, because the lord will reason thank you in the land that the lord your god gives you to possession as possession.

Deuteronomy 15:5 if you obey the voice of the lord your god to obey and obey all the commandments i command you today. "

Deuteronomy 15:6 for the lord your god will praise you, just as he spoke to you. you will leihen to many nations, but you will never born to born. you will provide many nations, but they will not begin to you.

Deuteronomy 15:7 " if there is a fathered among you in one of your brothers in one of your towns in the land that the lord your god gives you, you should not reject your heart or stone your hand from your bitter brother.

Deuteronomy 15:8 but you must open your hand to him and leihen to him whatever he desires, just as he is necessary.

Deuteronomy 15:9 " get at yourself that no secret message may be in your heart, saying, ' the seventh year, the year year, is near, ' and your eye is evil to your faithful brother and do not give him anything. if he calls to the lord against you and you have a great sin.

Deuteronomy 15:10 give him, and your heart will not be contristed when you give him, because because of this the lord your god will praise you in all your works and in everything you put your hand.

Deuteronomy 15:11 for the poor will not destroy from the earth, because i command you saying, ' let your hands open for your brother, the fathered and fathered in your land.

Deuteronomy 15:12 if your brother or a hebrew will be vended to you and serve you for sex years, then in the seventh day you will send him free from your presence.

Deuteronomy 15:13 and when you send him free from you, do not send him free.

Deuteronomy 15:14 you must fear him from your sheep, from your wheat, from your winepress, from your winepress, because the lord your god has blessed you.

Deuteronomy 15:15 remember that you were a slaves in egypt and that the lord your god redeed you from there. therefore i command you to do this.

Deuteronomy 15:16 but if he says to you, ' i will not go away from you, ' because he loves you and your house, because it is good with you,

Deuteronomy 15:17 then take a fell and throw it to the door to the door, so that he will be your slave for ever. so do you also make your slave slavince.

Deuteronomy 15:18 it must not be hard in your eyes when you send him free from you, for sex years he has served for you for sex years. so the lord your god will give you thanks in everything you make.

Deuteronomy 15:19 " every child from your birds or your sheep will you sanctifiy to the lord your god. you must not work with the firstborn of your hors and do not tosse the firstborn of your sheep.

Deuteronomy 15:20 you and your family, you and your family, you will eat it each year in the place that the lord takes out.

Deuteronomy 15:21 but if there is a lyte, a lame or blind, or any evil deep, you must not offer it for the lord your god.

Deuteronomy 15:22 you may eat it in your ports. the unclean and clean person should eat it like a gazel or a chip.

Deuteronomy 15:23 but you must not eat your blood. you will strow it out on the ground like water.

Deuteronomy 16:1 " observe the month abib and celebrate the passover for the lord your god, because in the month abib he has brought you out of the lord your god from egypt at night.

Deuteronomy 16:2 you will offer the passover for the lord your god, both sheep and bees, on the place that the lord seeds for his name.

Deuteronomy 16:3 you may not eat with it least. seven days you may eat with it ungesäued bread, bread of wrong, because you went out quicchly out of the land of egypt, so that you may remember the day you went out of egypt during all your living days.

Deuteronomy 16:4 seven days yeast no yeast may be seen to you in all your region for seven days, and nothing of the flesh that you sacrifice on the first day of the first day will leave until the next day.

Deuteronomy 16:5 you can not sacrifice the passover in any of your towns that the lord your god give you.

Deuteronomy 16:6 but in the place that the lord your god takes out to sit his name there, you will sacrifice the passover evening, when the sun comes, at the time you went out of egypt.

Deuteronomy 16:7 then keep it and eat it in the place that the lord your god chose. on the morning you must turn back and go to your homes.

Deuteronomy 16:8 six days you may eat unleavened bread, and on the seventh day is a feast of feast to the lord your god. there must nothing work work.

Deuteronomy 16:9 you will number seven weeds. from the beginning of the sickle on the harvest you must number seven weeds.

Deuteronomy 16:10 then celebrate the feast of the secrees to the lord your god according to your hand, according to what the lord your god has blessed you.

Deuteronomy 16:11 you must be glad before the lord your god, you and your son and your daughter, your slave and your slave slaves, the levit who is in your poorten, the extrancy, the orphelin, and the widow that is among you, in the place that the lord your god chosen to live his name there.

Deuteronomy 16:12 remember that you were a slave in egypt, and obey these commandments.

Deuteronomy 16:13 " you will celebrate the feast of loaves for seven days, when you gather from your dresser and from your winepress.

Deuteronomy 16:14 you must rejoice in your feast, you and your son and your daughter, your slave and your slave slaves, the leviet, the extrancy, the orphelin, and the widow who is in your poorten.

Deuteronomy 16:15 " seven days you will celebrate the feast to the lord your god in the place that the lord chosen. for the lord your god will praise you in all your produces and in every deed of your hands. then you will be glad.

Deuteronomy 16:16 " three times in the year all your manners must appeares before the lord your god on the place that he chose : on the feast of unleavened bread, on the feast of the sevenes and on the feast of loaves, but you must not appear before the lord with pouce.

Deuteronomy 16:17 each one of you should give according to the blessing of the lord your god that he gave you.

Deuteronomy 16:18 you must reward judges and officiers in all your towns that the lord your god give you for your tribes. they will judge the people with a righteous judgment.

Deuteronomy 16:19 you must not deceive justice, do not accept persons or receive gift, for the gift is blind the eyes of wise and reject the words of righteous.

Deuteronomy 16:20 you must persecute righteous practice so that you may live and inherit the land that the lord your god give you.

Deuteronomy 16:21 " do not plant for yourself a asherah by every tree at the altar of the lord your god that you will make for yourself.

Deuteronomy 16:22 do not make a stone for yourself, for the lord your god hates.

Deuteronomy 17:1 " do not offer the lord your god a beast or sheep that has a defection or any evil thing, because it is a abomination for the lord your god.

Deuteronomy 17:2 " if there is found among you in one of your towns that the lord your god give you, a man or a woman who does what is evil in the eyes of the lord your god and destroy his covenant,

Deuteronomy 17:3 and comes and worship others and worship them, the sun, the moon, or all the world ' s world, that i have commanded,

Deuteronomy 17:4 when it was proclaimed to you, you will experience greatly, and if this things is happened, that this abomination has been done in israel,

Deuteronomy 17:5 then bring this man or that woman out and stone them to death, so that they will be killed.

Deuteronomy 17:6 for the two or three witnesses the morderer must be put to death ; he must not be brought to death on one testimony.

Deuteronomy 17:7 the hand of the witnesses must be first against him to kill him, and then the hand of the whole people. so take the evil person out of your middle.

Deuteronomy 17:8 " if there is a impossible for you in judgment, by blood of blood or blood of judgment, from plage and plague, in your towns, you must stand up and get up to the place that the lord your god chose.

Deuteronomy 17:9 and go to the priests the lévites, and to the judge who is in those days, and ask it, and they will tell you the judgment.

Deuteronomy 17:10 you must make what they tell you from the place that the lord will choose, and hold attention to do just as they learn you.

Deuteronomy 17:11 you should make according to the law they give you, and according to the judgment they give you. do not deceive from the message they proclaim to the right or to left.

Deuteronomy 17:12 if anyone does anything with arrogance and does not obey the priest who stands to serve in the name of the lord your god or the judge, that man must be killed. so you will remove the evil one from israel.

Deuteronomy 17:13 all the people will hear it and be afraid and will not be encouraged.

Deuteronomy 17:14 " when you enter the land that the lord your god gives you and possess it and live in it and say, ' i will put a king over me just as all the nations that are around me, '

Deuteronomy 17:15 you must put him as king over yourself, the one whom the lord your god will choose. from among your brothers you will put a king over yourself. you cannot put someone else over yourself, who is not your brother.

Deuteronomy 17:16 but he must not make many horses and must not remove the people to egypt so that he may have many horses, because the lord said to you, ' you must never return this way. '

Deuteronomy 17:17 he must not multiply for himself wives, so that his heart will not remove, and he must not multiply for himself silver and gold.

Deuteronomy 17:18 whenever he sit on his kingdom, he must write this scroll in a book from the priests ' s priests.

Deuteronomy 17:19 he must be with him and lead it along always as long as he lives, so that he may learn to fear the lord his god and guard all the commandments of these commandments and these commandments,

Deuteronomy 17:20 so that his heart may not be exalted from his brothers and not depart from the commandment or right or left, so that he and his sons may live in his kingdom among israel. "

Deuteronomy 18:1 " the priests, the levites, the whole branch tribe of levi, must not have part or possession with israel. they will eat the offering offered to the lord and their lots.

Deuteronomy 18:2 they must not have a loth among his brothers. the lord is his possession, just as he promised to them.

Deuteronomy 18:3 " now this is the condemnation of the priests from the people, from those who sacrifices a sacrifice, whether bear or sheep. they will give the priest the boat, the kindles, and the kind.

Deuteronomy 18:4 you will give him the first offering of your wheat, your wine, your olive oil, and the first best of your sheep give him.

Deuteronomy 18:5 for the lord your god has chosen him from all your tribes, to stand before the lord, your god, to serve and praise in the name of the lord, he and his sons.

Deuteronomy 18:6 but if a levit comes from one of your towns from all the countryside of israel where he is looking for, comes to the place that the lord sees,

Deuteronomy 18:7 he will serve in the name of the lord his god, like all his brothers the lévites who stand there before the lord.

Deuteronomy 18:8 he will eat divided of part, except the practice of his family.

Deuteronomy 18:9 " when you enter the land that the lord your god gives you, do not learn to do the abominations of those nations.

Deuteronomy 18:10 there must be no one among you who divorces his son or his daughter by fire, a commander, a encourager, a magicial,

Deuteronomy 18:11 he knows the officers and the guard of the spirit, who ask the dead.

Deuteronomy 18:12 for everyone who does these things is a detestable to the lord, because of these abominations, the lord your god drives them out from your presence.

Deuteronomy 18:13 you must be perfect before the lord your god.

Deuteronomy 18:14 for these nations whom you arrest will listen to the guards and magiracles, but you has not done this the lord your god.

Deuteronomy 18:15 the lord your god will rebuild you a prophet like me among your brothers. you will listen to him.

Deuteronomy 18:16 just as you asked from the lord your god in horeb on the day of the church, saying, ' i will not hear the voice of the lord my god and do not see this great fire, so that we may not be dead. "

Deuteronomy 18:17 then the lord said to me, " they have said what they have said.

Deuteronomy 18:18 i will make a prophet like you from among their brothers, and i will put my words in his mouth, and he will speak to them everything i command.

Deuteronomy 18:19 if anyone does not obey my words that he says in my name, i will repay it.

Deuteronomy 18:20 but the prophet who is going to speak a message in my name that i have not instructed to speak, or speaks in the name of others gods, that prophet must be put to death. '

Deuteronomy 18:21 if you say in your heart, ' how can we know the word that the lord has not spoken ? '

Deuteronomy 18:22 if the prophet speak in the name of the lord, but it is not done and does not come. this is the word that the lord has not spoken. this prophet has spoken with ungodly. you do not fear him. "

Deuteronomy 19:1 " when the lord your god will destroy the nations where their god your god give you, and you take them in possession and live in their towns and homes,

Deuteronomy 19:2 you must divided three women in the middle of your land that the lord your god give you to possessions.

Deuteronomy 19:3 you will remove the way for you and divide in three parts the territory of your land that the lord your god belongs to you, so that everyone who is murdered will be in there.

Deuteronomy 19:4 " now this is the inscription of the murderer who lives there and will live : the one who has killed his neighbor without intention and has not hated him before,

Deuteronomy 19:5 if anyone comes with his neighbor into the sea to gather tree, and his hand close out with the hair to cut the tree, the iron sea falls from the tree and throws his neighbor so that he dies, he must flee to one of these towns and live.

Deuteronomy 19:6 for the blouger of the blood against the murderer will persecute the manderer and take him away, if the way is long, and think his life, because he has not hated him before before.

Deuteronomy 19:7 therefore i command you, saying, ' divided three towns for yourself.

Deuteronomy 19:8 if the lord your god will bread your region, just as he swore to your ancestors, and give you the whole land that he promised to give your ancestors,

Deuteronomy 19:9 if you obey all these commandments i command you today to obey these commandments i command you today, to love the lord your god and live always in his ways, then you will add for yourself three towns against these three.

Deuteronomy 19:10 so that no innocent blood will be poured out in your land that the lord your god give you to possession, so that there will not be blood on you.

Deuteronomy 19:11 but if someone hates his neighbor and clothes him, and remains against him and kills him to death, and refuges into one of these towns,

Deuteronomy 19:12 then the elders of his city must send a message and take him away from there and give him in the hand of the blowser, that he must be put to death.

Deuteronomy 19:13 your eye must not spare him, but you will remove the innocent blood from israel, so that it may be well.

Deuteronomy 19:14 " do not destroy your neighbor ' s territory that your ancestors stood in your possession that you possess in the land that the lord your god gives you as a possession.

Deuteronomy 19:15 " no one witness must testify against anyone by every sin of sin or any sin that he sins. for the testimony of two or three witnesses every message will be confirmed.

Deuteronomy 19:16 " if a false witness resides against a person to deceive him with ungodliness,

Deuteronomy 19:17 then the two men who have a rebellion must stand before the lord, before the priests and the judgers who are in those days,

Deuteronomy 19:18 the judgers will understand foolishly, and if a false witness has testified against his brother,

Deuteronomy 19:19 then you should do him just as he intended to do his brother. then take away evil from among you.

Deuteronomy 19:20 the rest of these will hear and be afraid, and they will not do this evil thing in your middle.

Deuteronomy 19:21 you should not spare him : life for life, eye for eye, tand for tand, hand for hand, foot for foot. "

Deuteronomy 20:1 " whenever you go to battle against your enemies and you see horses and roiter and a people greater than you, do not be afraid of them, because the lord your god who brought you out of the land of egypt is with you.

Deuteronomy 20:2 whenever you are approaching the battle, the priest will approep and speak to the people.

Deuteronomy 20:3 and he will say to them, " listen, israel ! you are astonished today to strike against your enemies. let your heart not destroy, do not be afraid, or be afraid of them.

Deuteronomy 20:4 for the lord your god is going with you to strike against you against your enemies and save you. ' "

Deuteronomy 20:5 the experts in the law will speak to the people and say, " who has built a new house but did not inherit it ? he must go home so that he may not die in the battle and someone else insuls it.

Deuteronomy 20:6 and who planted a vineyard and does not eat it ? let he go home so that he can not die in the battle and someone else rejoice from it.

Deuteronomy 20:7 and who is a man who has married a wife but has not received her ? let he go home so that he can not die in the battle and someone else takes her.

Deuteronomy 20:8 the experts in the law must speak to the people and say, ' who is a person who is afraid and astonished ? he must go and return home, so that the heart of his brothers should not be afraid as his own. "

Deuteronomy 20:9 when the experts in the law will speak to the people, they will put officers of the lame before the people.

Deuteronomy 20:10 " when you approaches a town to combation against it, you will call it out in peace.

Deuteronomy 20:11 if they report you freely and openes it to you, then the people who are there will be a tribute for you and obey you.

Deuteronomy 20:12 but if they do not obey you and make strict against you, you will assemble it.

Deuteronomy 20:13 and if the lord your god give it in your hand, you will strike all who live in it with the sword of the sword.

Deuteronomy 20:14 but the women, the children, the beast, everything that is in the city, all your builds you will take in possessions for yourselves, and you will eat the builty of your enemies that the lord your god give you.

Deuteronomy 20:15 you must make this way with all the towns that are very long from you and not from the towns of these nations.

Deuteronomy 20:16 but in the towns of these nations whom the lord your god gives you in possession, you should not live any one who is living.

Deuteronomy 20:17 but you will destroy them by destruction : the hetians, amoritans, the cananeans, the perizzians, the hevies, and the jebuseans, just as the lord your god has commanded you.

Deuteronomy 20:18 so that they will not teach you to do all their abominations that they have done to their gods, and that you may sin against the lord your god.

Deuteronomy 20:19 " if you lead a town for a town for long time to combation against it, do not destroy the trees of the trees of it, because you may eat from them, but do not cut it down. for the tree of the field is not a man to enter for your presence ?

Deuteronomy 20:20 but the trees you know that it is not food of food, you will destroy and cut down, and you will rebuild harms against the city that commits on battle against you until it is divided.

Deuteronomy 21:1 " if there finds a killed in the land that the lord your god gives you to possession, be found in the field and does not know who has killed him,

Deuteronomy 21:2 then your elders and your judgers will go out and call the message against the towns around the struck.

Deuteronomy 21:3 then the elders of that city, that is near the struck, the elders of that city will take a kalf that has not been revealed or made a yoke.

Deuteronomy 21:4 then the elders of that city will bring the kall into a stretcher that has not been seed or sow, and they should persecute the khill in the dal.

Deuteronomy 21:5 then the priests, the sons of levi, will approw, for the lord your god has chosen them to serve him and to praise in the name of the lord. according to their message must every plain and every plage be done.

Deuteronomy 21:6 and all the elders of that city who is near the killed must wash his hands on the kall that was cut in the dal,

Deuteronomy 21:7 they will report and say, " our hands have not poured this blood, and our eyes have not seen it.

Deuteronomy 21:8 repay your people israel, whom you have redeed, and do not take innocent blood before your people israel. ' so the blood will be repified for them.

Deuteronomy 21:9 so you will take out the innocent blood from among you, because you will do what is right before the eyes of the lord.

Deuteronomy 21:10 when you go to battle against your enemies and the lord your god give them in your hand, and you take them in possession,

Deuteronomy 21:11 and you will see among the prisoners a good woman who refuses for her and take her wife,

Deuteronomy 21:12 then bring her in your house, and she will strike her head and clothes.

Deuteronomy 21:13 she must take the clothes of her captivity and live in your house and weep his father and mother for a month. after this you will enter her and have her husband, and she will be your wife.

Deuteronomy 21:14 but if she does not want her, you should send her free. she should not be vended with silver, and do not reject her, because you have suffered her.

Deuteronomy 21:15 " if a man has two wives, one loved and one hated, and the loved and the defiled give him the sons, and the firstborn will be the firstborn of the one who hates,

Deuteronomy 21:16 then, on the day he divorces his sons his possessions, he can not make the firstborn for the son of the one who loves, the firstborn.

Deuteronomy 21:17 he must recognize the firstborn, the son of the one who has hated, and give him two times from everything he finds, for he is the beginning of his child. to him is the firstborn.

Deuteronomy 21:18 " if someone has a son disobedient, disobedient, who does not obey his father ' s voice or his mother ' s voice, and if they discipline him, he does not listen to them,

Deuteronomy 21:19 then his father and mother take him and bring him out to the elders of his town, to the door of his place,

Deuteronomy 21:20 and they should say to the people of his city, ' this our son is disobedient and disobedient, he does not obey our voice, he is a contempt and a drunk. '

Deuteronomy 21:21 then all the people of his town will stone him with stones for death. so you must remove the evil one from among you, and all israel will hear it and fear.

Deuteronomy 21:22 if there is a sin against death that is condemned to death, and he dies and throws him on a tree,

Deuteronomy 21:23 his body must not leave on the tree, but you will entery him on that day, because everyone who is ried on a tree will be bleved by god. do not imitate the land that the lord your god give you to possession.

Deuteronomy 22:1 " if you see the bear of your brother or sheep washed on the way, do not take away from them. bring them back to your brother.

Deuteronomy 22:2 if your brother does not come near you or you know him, then bring them into your house, and it will be with you until your brother will look for them, and you will repay him.

Deuteronomy 22:3 you must make the same thing with his eselin and with his clothing, and so you should do with all the destruction of your brother that is lost and you find. you must not leave it.

Deuteronomy 22:4 " if you see the eselin of your brother or his beast falling on the way, do not destroy them, but you must remove them with him. "

Deuteronomy 22:5 marriage must not be a husband, and a husband must not put clothes of women, because everyone who does these things are a abomination for the lord your god.

Deuteronomy 22:6 " if you stand on the way for you a seed of birt or on a tree or on earth, both women or eigs, and his mother is on the women or on the gound, do not take the mother with the children.

Deuteronomy 22:7 you must leave your mother, but take the children for yourself, so that it may be good and you may live long.

Deuteronomy 22:8 " if you build a new house, make a stone on your roof, so that you may not cause murder on your house, if someone falls from it.

Deuteronomy 22:9 do not bow your vineyard for different times, so that all the descendants that you sow and the fruit of the vineyard may be sanctified.

Deuteronomy 22:10 you must not arrive with beast and oil together.

Deuteronomy 22:11 you must not put clothes together of wood and line together.

Deuteronomy 22:12 do your clothing make on the four household of your mantel with which you clothes.

Deuteronomy 22:13 " if someone takes a woman and marries with her and hates her,

Deuteronomy 22:14 he has completed her words and confess her a evil name, saying, ' i have taken this woman, but when i approached her, i did not find her a virgin. '

Deuteronomy 22:15 then the father of the boy and mother will take the virgin of the virgin of the wife, to the elders of the people, to the city.

Deuteronomy 22:16 the father of the slave should say to the elders, ' i have given my daughter to this man to a wife, but he has hated her.

Deuteronomy 22:17 saying, " i have not found your daughter a virgin. but look, these are the virginess of my daughter. " then they will put the clothing before the elders of the city.

Deuteronomy 22:18 then the elders of that city will take the man and discipline him.

Deuteronomy 22:19 he must destroy him for hunty siclos of silver coins and give her to the father of the little woman because he has brought a evil name to the virgin of israel. she must be his wife, and he will not send her always.

Deuteronomy 22:20 but if this message is true, that a virgin is not found for the wife,

Deuteronomy 22:21 then they will bring the woman to the door of her father ' s house and the men of her city throw her to death, because she has done a foolishness among israel to prostituted in her father ' s house. so you take out the evil one from among you.

Deuteronomy 22:22 " if someone finds to sleep with a woman who is married with a husband, they will both kill, the man who lived with the woman and the woman. so then you must remove the evil one from israel.

Deuteronomy 22:23 " if a virgin child is hidden with a man, and someone finds her in the city and leads with her,

Deuteronomy 22:24 then bring them both to the city ' s door and stone them to death. the young woman because she did not call out in the city, and the man because he humbled the wife of his neighbor. so take the evil person away from among you.

Deuteronomy 22:25 but if someone takes a seized slave in the field and leads it and lives with her, then the man who lived with her will be killed only.

Deuteronomy 22:26 but you should not take anything to the child. she has no sin against death, for this is like if someone rings up against his neighbor and takes him to death.

Deuteronomy 22:27 because he found her in the field. the districted woman cried out, but there was no one who help her.

Deuteronomy 22:28 " if someone finds a virgin virgin who is not revealed, and marries her and leads with her and finds him,

Deuteronomy 22:29 the man who lived with her will give the father of the young woman fifty silver coins, and she must be his wife because he humped her, and he will not send her always.

Deuteronomy 22:30 there must no one receive his father ' s wife, and he should not reveal his father ' s clothes.

Deuteronomy 23:1 it must not enter in the church of the lord a wearing or separed.

Deuteronomy 23:2 it must not enter in the church of the lord.

Deuteronomy 23:3 no ammonita or moabit will enter in the church of the lord. even to the tighth generation there must never enter the church of the lord.

Deuteronomy 23:4 these things are different because they did not come to you with bread and water on the way, when you went out of egypt, and because they conducted against you balaam, the son of beor from mesopotamia, to praise you.

Deuteronomy 23:5 indeed, the lord your god did not want to listen to balaam, but the lord your god rejected the fluck into blessing, because the lord your god loved you.

Deuteronomy 23:6 as long as you live, you must not offered their peace and constance for them, as long as you live.

Deuteronomy 23:7 you must not abominate edom, because he is your brother. do not defile the egyptian, because you were a extrancy in his land.

Deuteronomy 23:8 in the third generation when they have been born, will enter the church of the lord.

Deuteronomy 23:9 whenever you come to completion against your enemies, you should beware of every evil thing.

Deuteronomy 23:10 if there is a different person among you who does not be clean because of his fluction at the night, he must go out of the camp, but would not enter the camp.

Deuteronomy 23:11 " when it is evening, to the evening, he should baat his body in water, and when the sun comes, he will enter the camp.

Deuteronomy 23:12 you may have a different place, and you will have a place outside the camp, where you will go out.

Deuteronomy 23:13 you may have a clow and a batch on your places. when you are divided outside, you will graw it and gather it and covere your nakence.

Deuteronomy 23:14 you will be just as the lord your god walks in your leading to save you and to give your enemies before you. so your leading will be holy, so that he will not see anything in you and turn away from you.

Deuteronomy 23:15 you must not give a slave to his master as he has accompanied with you from his master.

Deuteronomy 23:16 whenever it is there with you, he must live among you in every place where he is pleasing. do not destroy him.

Deuteronomy 23:17 there must be no sexual immorality from among the daughters of israel, and there must not be sexual immorality from the people of israel.

Deuteronomy 23:18 you must not offer in the house of the lord your god the reward of a prostitute or honor of hond in the house of the lord your god for every promise. for both things are a detestable for the lord your god.

Deuteronomy 23:19 you must not give the foundation to your brother a food of silver or food of food or food of anything that born.

Deuteronomy 23:20 you must give difficulty for another, but do not toward your brother, so that the lord your god may praise you in all your deeds in the land you enter to take it in possession.

Deuteronomy 23:21 whenever you make a promise to the lord your god, do not complete to repay it, because the lord your god will require it from you, so that there will be sin against you.

Deuteronomy 23:22 whenever you do not pray, there is no sin in you.

Deuteronomy 23:23 as well as what you have promised to the lord your god, you should obey what you have promised to the lord your god, just as you have promised to the lord your god, just as you have promised to what you have promised with your mouth. if you enter the harvest of your neighbor, do not put the harp of your neighbor.

Deuteronomy 23:25 whenever you enter the vineyard of your neighbor, you must eat grapes with your life, but do not throw it into the food of your neighbor.

Deuteronomy 24:1 " if someone takes a woman and marries with her, but she does not find grace before him, because he has found in her a defense, he will write her a skille scroll and give it in her hand and send her out of his house.

Deuteronomy 24:2 then she went away and gives another man.

Deuteronomy 24:3 and if the last man hates her, he will write her a skille scroll and give it in her hand and send her out of his house, or if the last man who had take her as a wife dies,

Deuteronomy 24:4 the first husband who had released her will not take her wife after she has been inclean. for it is a abomination for the lord. do you not provide the land that the lord your god is given to you as a possession.

Deuteronomy 24:5 " if someone takes a new woman, he must not go into the battle and do nothing at him, he must be innocent for a year in his house and celebrate his wife that he has married.

Deuteronomy 24:6 you must not take a millstone or contempt, because he lives a life.

Deuteronomy 24:7 " if someone takes a thief of his brothers, the israelites, and commits him and give him back, that person must be put to death. take the evil one out of your middle.

Deuteronomy 24:8 " get attention to the plage of leprosy, so that you may obey all the law they give to you the priests of the levies. you should observe what i have commanded them.

Deuteronomy 24:9 remember what the lord your god has done to mirjam on the road when you went out of egypt.

Deuteronomy 24:10 if you have debt your neighbor, you should not enter his house to take the palt.

Deuteronomy 24:11 you must stand outside, and the man to whom you laid will bring the portain outside.

Deuteronomy 24:12 but if he is a poor man, do not put down with his sill.

Deuteronomy 24:13 you will repay him, when the sun comes, so that he may put down at his clothing, and he will praise you, and it will be your righteousness right before the lord your god.

Deuteronomy 24:14 you must not remove the reward of the poor and fathered reward, or from your brothers or from the stranger who live in your countryside.

Deuteronomy 24:15 on the day you will give his reward because of the sun, because he is a poor man and has his hope, so that he would not call on the lord against you, and you may be sin.

Deuteronomy 24:16 " the ancestors must not live for children or sons for the sake of the ancestors. each one must be died for his own sin.

Deuteronomy 24:17 do not deceive justice to the fremder, the orfer, and do not take away the clothes of widow.

Deuteronomy 24:18 remember that you were a slaves in egypt and that the lord your god redeed you from there. therefore i command you to do this.

Deuteronomy 24:19 whenever you find your harvest in your field and vergeet a garl on the field, do not return to take it away. it must be for the extrancy, the orphelin, and the wedow, so that the lord your god may praise you in all your hands of your hands.

Deuteronomy 24:20 when you gatheres your olive olives, do not follow your outside. it must be for the extrancy, the orphelin, and the wedow.

Deuteronomy 24:21 when you delick your vineyard, you must not lead it outside. it must be for the extranel, the orfer, and the widow.

Deuteronomy 24:22 remember that you were a slave in egypt. therefore i command you to do this. "

Deuteronomy 25:1 " if there is a discussion among others, and they approaches the judgment, and they judge him, and they will justify the righteous and conscience the impii.

Deuteronomy 25:2 if the evil one is worthy, the judge must sit him down and throw him down before him according to his transgression.

Deuteronomy 25:3 they will put him in quarer plagues, but do not toward him, for your brother should be suffered before you.

Deuteronomy 25:4 do not destroy a coll dressed.

Deuteronomy 25:5 " if brothers live together and one of them dies and does not have children, the wife of the dead should not come outside with a man who is near. her husband must enter her and take her for her wife and remove with her.

Deuteronomy 25:6 the child she has planted must remove the name of the one who has died, so that his name will not be divided from israel.

Deuteronomy 25:7 but if the man does not want to take his brother ' s wife, then she must go up to the city, to the elders, and say, ' my husband will not want to make his brother ' s name in israel. he does not want my husband. "

Deuteronomy 25:8 then the elders of his town must call him and speak to him. and if he stood and says, ' i will not take it away. '

Deuteronomy 25:9 then his brother will come to him before the elders, take his sandals off his feet, take him into his face and say, ' this will be done with the man who does not build his brother ' s house. '

Deuteronomy 25:10 and it will be named him in israel, ' the house of the releasing. "

Deuteronomy 25:11 " if people seized together, each one with another, and the wife of one is approaching to save her husband from the hand of the one who struck him, and extends his hand and help him,

Deuteronomy 25:12 then you will cut her hand, your eye must not spare her.

Deuteronomy 25:13 you must not have vacks in your sack, great or little.

Deuteronomy 25:14 you must not have a efa of efa in your house, great and little.

Deuteronomy 25:15 you may have a true and righteous sea. you may have a true and righteous efa, so that you may live long in the land that the lord your god gives you.

Deuteronomy 25:16 for everyone who does these things is a abomination for the lord your god.

Deuteronomy 25:17 remember what amalek did to you on the road, when you went out of egypt,

Deuteronomy 25:18 how he stood against you on the road and cut off those who were suffering after you, when you were hungry and wearing. but he did not fear god.

Deuteronomy 25:19 when then the lord your god will give you rest from all your enemies around you in the land that the lord your god gives you to possesn as possession, you will exalt the name of amalek from under heaven. do not forgive it.

Deuteronomy 26:1 " when you enter the land that the lord your god give you to possession, and you possess it and live in it,

Deuteronomy 26:2 then you take the first offering of the fruits of the fruits of your land that you give in your land, and put it in a gard and go to the place that the lord your god chosen.

Deuteronomy 26:3 then you will go to the priest who is in those days, and tell him, ' i proclaim to the lord your god that i have entered the land that the lord swore to our ancestors to give us. "

Deuteronomy 26:4 then the priest will take the scroll from your hand and make it before the altar of the lord your god.

Deuteronomy 26:5 then you will report and say before the lord your god : " my father was a bound araman, who went down to egypt and ashabited there with a little number. he became there a great, great, great nation.

Deuteronomy 26:6 but the egyptians afflicted us, humbled us and placed hard work on us.

Deuteronomy 26:7 then we cried to the lord god of our ancestors, and he heard our voice and saw our affliction, our affliction and our affliction.

Deuteronomy 26:8 then the lord led us out of egypt with great power and extended arm, great reverence, miraculous signs and wonders.

Deuteronomy 26:9 he brought us into this place and gave us this land, a land that flues mild and honey.

Deuteronomy 26:10 now now i have brought the firstfruits of the produce of the earth that you, lord, gave me. " then you will lead them before the lord your god and worship before the lord your god.

Deuteronomy 26:11 you will be glad in all the good things the lord your god has given you and your family, you and the leviet, and the extrancy who is among you.

Deuteronomy 26:12 when you in the third year, the second year of the tighty years, in the third year, you will give the leviet, the extrancy, the orphelin, and the widow, and they will eat in your towns and be satisfied.

Deuteronomy 26:13 then say to the presence of the lord your god : " i have taken away what is holy from my house and given it to the leviet, to the extrancy, to the orphelin, and for the widow, according to all your commandments that you commanded me. i have not destroyed your commandments or dimented it.

Deuteronomy 26:14 i did not eat from them in my mourning, i did not take away from it to unclean, i did not give to the dead. i have obeyed the voice of the lord my god. i have done everything you commanded me.

Deuteronomy 26:15 see from your holy place, from heaven, and praise your people israel and the land you gave us, just as you swore to our ancestors, a land spring with milk and honey. '

Deuteronomy 26:16 on this day the lord your god commands you to hold these commandments and decrition. you must guard them and hold them with all your heart and all your soul.

Deuteronomy 26:17 you have said this day to the lord to be your god, and that you will follow his wells, guard his commandments, his commandments, his commandments, and to obey his voice.

Deuteronomy 26:18 and the lord has set you today to be his own people, just as he promised you to obey all his commandments,

Deuteronomy 26:19 and to make you over all the nations that he has made, a name, glorious, and glory, so that you may be a holy people for the lord your god, just as he promised. "

Deuteronomy 27:1 then moses and the elders of israel commanded this : " guard all the commandments i command you today.

Deuteronomy 27:2 " when you cross the jordan river into the land that the lord your god give you, you will put great stones and call them met kalk.

Deuteronomy 27:3 and you will write on these stones all the words of this law, when you pass over, so that you may enter the land that the lord your god gives you, in a land spring with milk and honey, just as the lord god of your ancestors has spoken to you.

Deuteronomy 27:4 " when you pass over the jordan river, you will put these stones that i command you today, on the mountain ebal, and put them up with kalk.

Deuteronomy 27:5 there you will build a altar to the lord your god, a altar from stones, and do not put iron iron iron on them.

Deuteronomy 27:6 you will build the jewish altar for the lord your god, and you will offer offering offerings on it for the lord your god.

Deuteronomy 27:7 and you will offer dants of dants and eat there, and be glad before the lord your god.

Deuteronomy 27:8 and you will write on these stones all the commandments of this law. "

Deuteronomy 27:9 then moses and the priests of the levites said to all the people, saying, " be silent and listen, israel ! this day you have become the people of the lord your god.

Deuteronomy 27:10 listen to the voice of the lord your god and hold his commandments and instance that i command you today. "

Deuteronomy 27:11 in that day moses commanded to the people, saying,

Deuteronomy 27:12 " when you have passed over jordan, they will stand in the mountain garizim : simeon, levi, juda, issachar, joseph, and benjamin.

Deuteronomy 27:13 these people must stand on the mountain on the mountain ebal : ruben, gad, asser, zebulun, dan, and neftali.

Deuteronomy 27:14 then the levits will speak and say to all the people of israel with loud voice :

Deuteronomy 27:15 " proclaimed is the one who does a image of idol or idol bild, a defilation to the lord, a works of a plan, and put it in a secret. ' and all the people will report, " amen ! "

Deuteronomy 27:16 " blessed is the one who dishonor his father or mother ! ' and the whole people will say, ' amen. '

Deuteronomy 27:17 " blessed is the one who transjects the region of his neighbor ! ' and all the people will say, ' amen. '

Deuteronomy 27:18 " blessed is the one who deceives the blind on the way ! ' and all the people will say, ' amen. '

Deuteronomy 27:19 proclaimed that brings justice of the fremder, the orfer, and widow. ' and the whole people will say, ' amen. '

Deuteronomy 27:20 " proclaimed is the one who lives with his father ' s wife, because he has revealed his father. ' and the whole people will say, ' amen. '

Deuteronomy 27:21 " provened is the one who lives with any beast ! ' and all the people will say, ' amen. '

Deuteronomy 27:22 " blessed is the one who lives with his sister, a wife of his father or his mother ! ' and the whole people will say, ' amen. '

Deuteronomy 27:23 " blessed is the one who lives with his mother-in-law ! ' and all the people will say, ' amen. '

Deuteronomy 27:24 " blessed is the one who struck his neighbor with false. ' and all the people will say, ' amen. '

Deuteronomy 27:25 " proclaimed who takes gift to sure a innocent person ! ' and the whole people will say, ' amen. '

Deuteronomy 27:26 " blessed is anyone who does not follow the words of this law and does it. ' and the whole people will say, ' amen. '

Deuteronomy 28:1 " if you obey the voice of the lord your god and obey all his commandments that i command you today, then the lord your god will give you over all the nations of the earth.

Deuteronomy 28:2 when you obey the voice of the lord your god, all these blessing will come over you and find you.

Deuteronomy 28:3 you will be blessed in the city and blessed you will be in the field.

Deuteronomy 28:4 blessed will be the fruit of your body and the fruit of your town, the fruit of your horns, the sheep of your horns, the sheep of your sheep and the sheep of your sheep.

Deuteronomy 28:5 blessed will be your korb and your boot.

Deuteronomy 28:6 blessed you be when you come, and blessed you will be when you come.

Deuteronomy 28:7 " the lord will give your enemies who stood against you destroyed before you. they will come out against you on a single way, but seven way they will flee from your presence.

Deuteronomy 28:8 the lord will send your blessing over you in your kammer and in everything you put out. he will be sending you in the land that the lord your god give you.

Deuteronomy 28:9 " the lord will reveal you as a holy people for himself, just as he promised you, if you obey the commandments of the lord your god and follow his wells.

Deuteronomy 28:10 and all the nations of the earth will see that you are called to the name of the lord, and they will fear you.

Deuteronomy 28:11 and the lord will give you great good, the fruit of your mouth, the fruit of your beast, the fruit of your flesh and the fruit of your earth, in the land that the oath promised to your ancestors to give you.

Deuteronomy 28:12 the lord will open his good treasure, heaven, to give your land rain in his time and to praise all the work of your hands. you will leihen to many nations, but you will never leihen to leihen.

Deuteronomy 28:13 the lord will make you a head and not to heaven, and you will be along up and not along, if you obey the commandments of the lord your god that i command you today to obey and do them.

Deuteronomy 28:14 you must not leave both right or left from everything i command you today, both right or left, to follow others dieux and serve them.

Deuteronomy 28:15 but if you do not obey the voice of the lord your god and obey all his commandments and commandments that i command you today, all these fluctions will come over you and arrest you.

Deuteronomy 28:16 you will be cursed in the city and cursed you on the field.

Deuteronomy 28:17 proclaimed will be your korb and your boot.

Deuteronomy 28:18 blessed will be the fruit of your mouth and the fruit of your town, the fruit of your horns and the sheep of your sheep.

Deuteronomy 28:19 you will be cursed when you go out, and cursed you when you come.

Deuteronomy 28:20 the lord will send a suffering against you, suffering, and destruction on everything you make your hand, until you are destructed and until you quicly destroy because of your evil deeds, because you have forgiven me.

Deuteronomy 28:21 the lord will break death to you until he destroys you from the land where you come to take it in possession.

Deuteronomy 28:22 the lord will strike you with destroy, fever, destrock, sword, torn, and food ; they will persecute you until you are destructed.

Deuteronomy 28:23 the sky on your head will be in bronze, and the earth under you will be a iron.

Deuteronomy 28:24 the lord will give your land rain and stof, that will come down from you from heaven until you are destrued.

Deuteronomy 28:25 the lord will give you suffering before your enemies. you will go out against them by one way, but seven waters you will flee from them, and you will be dispersed among all the rigs of the earth.

Deuteronomy 28:26 your dead dead will be food for all the birds of heaven and the wild birds, and no one will destroy them.

Deuteronomy 28:27 " the lord will strike you with the flocks of egypt, with plagues, sure, and breed that you can not be healed.

Deuteronomy 28:28 the lord will strike you with destroy, with destroy, and with endurance of perseverance.

Deuteronomy 28:29 at midnight you will be like a blind man in the darkness, and you will not help your wells, but you will be suffering and thrown always, and there will be no one who help you.

Deuteronomy 28:30 you will take a woman, but another man will arrest it. you will build a house but will not live in it. you will plant a vineyard, but do not graw it.

Deuteronomy 28:31 your bear will be killed before your eyes, but you will not eat from it. your oil will be taken away from your presence and will not be rejected to you. your sheep will be given to your enemies, and there will be no one who help you.

Deuteronomy 28:32 your sons and your daughters will be given to another nation, and your eyes will see it, mourning against them, but you will not be able to hand.

Deuteronomy 28:33 a nation that you not know will eat the fruit of your town and all your harvest, and you will be hard and murdered always.

Deuteronomy 28:34 you will be divided because you will see what you will see.

Deuteronomy 28:35 the lord will strike you with bad builds on your knelts and beins, so that you will not be healed, from the fish of your feet until your houth.

Deuteronomy 28:36 " the lord will bring you and your king whom you will put on yourself, to a nation you or your ancestors did not know, and there you will serve others who are hout and stone.

Deuteronomy 28:37 you will be a spoke, a parable, a parable among all the nations where the lord will bring you away.

Deuteronomy 28:38 you will bring many descendants into the field, but you will bring a few, for the locusts will consume it.

Deuteronomy 28:39 you will plant vineyards, and you will plant, but you will not drink wine or rejoice, because the rox will consume them.

Deuteronomy 28:40 you may have olives in all your regions, but you will not anoine olive oil, because your olives will be destroyed.

Deuteronomy 28:41 you will give sons and daughters, but they will not be with you, for they will go in prison.

Deuteronomy 28:42 everything of your trees and the fruit of your town will destroy.

Deuteronomy 28:43 the extrancy who is among you will ascend over you above, but you will come down along along.

Deuteronomy 28:44 he will lead to you, but you will not leihen to him. he will be a head, but you will be a rue.

Deuteronomy 28:45 all these flucts will come over you, persecution and endure you until you are destrued, because you did not obey the voice of the lord your god, to obey his commandments and practice that he commanded you.

Deuteronomy 28:46 they will be signs and wonders on you and your descendants forever.

Deuteronomy 28:47 because you did not serve the lord your god with joy and good heart because of all things.

Deuteronomy 28:48 you will serve your enemies that the lord will send against you, in hunger, thirsty, naked, and all things. he will put a iron juk on your hals until he destroys you.

Deuteronomy 28:49 " the lord will bring a nation from a distance from the ends of the earth like a arend, a nation you will not understand.

Deuteronomy 28:50 a nature people who will not encourage the old person and will not show a young mercy.

Deuteronomy 28:51 they will devorce the fruit of your feet and the fruit of your town until you have perishted. he will not left you anything, most, wine, oil, bear of your hors, or the sheep of your sheep until it have destroyed you.

Deuteronomy 28:52 he will destroy you in all your towns until your high and distressed wings you in which you have confident in all your country. he will destroy you in all your towns in all your towns that the lord your god gave you.

Deuteronomy 28:53 you will eat the fruit of your mouth, the flesh of your sons and your daughters that the lord your god has given you.

Deuteronomy 28:54 " the one who is sold and healthy among you will have his eyes offended at his brother and wife that is in his forehead, and to the rest of his children who will be left,

Deuteronomy 28:55 so that he will not give to each of them the flesh of his children he will eat, because there is no longer left for him in the perseveration and suffering with which your enemies tries you in your towns.

Deuteronomy 28:56 the wear and devoted woman among you, who has not tempted to go his foot on the earth because of hardness and rebelliance, she will see for her man who is in her bound, his son and her daughter,

Deuteronomy 28:57 and her grain that comes from her heup and his children she will give, for because of the poverty of all things she will eat them secret in the persecution and suffering with which your enemies will suffere you in your towns.

Deuteronomy 28:58 " if you do not obey all the words of this law, which are written in this book, to fear this great and terrible name, the lord your god,

Deuteronomy 28:59 then the lord will destroy your and your descendants plagues with great and terrible plagues, evil and faithful sicks.

Deuteronomy 28:60 he will turn on you all the evil deeds of egypt that you fear, and they will keep fast to you.

Deuteronomy 28:61 and every sickness and every plage that is not written in this book of this law, the lord will bring over you until you are destructed.

Deuteronomy 28:62 you will be left for a little number because you were like the stars on heaven in multitude, because you did not obey the voice of the lord your god.

Deuteronomy 28:63 just as the lord was glad about you to do you good and multiply you, so the lord will rejoice over you to destroy you, and you will be taken away from the land you enter to take it in possession.

Deuteronomy 28:64 and the lord will break you out among all nations, from the ends of the earth to the other, and there you will serve others to others, which you or your ancestors did not know, tree and stone.

Deuteronomy 28:65 even among those nations you will not remain rest, or there will be no rest for your flashes. for there the lord will give you there a devoted heart, suffering of eyes, and suffering of life.

Deuteronomy 28:66 your life will be passed before you, and you will fear day and night and do not believe your life.

Deuteronomy 28:67 on the morning you will say, ' either be evening ! ' and the afternoon you will say, ' either be the morning ! ' because you are afraid of your heart that you will be afraid.

Deuteronomy 28:68 and the lord will bring you back to egypt with boats on the way i had said, ' you will not see it again, ' and there you will be vended for your enemies as slaves and slaves, but there will be no enemy. "

Deuteronomy 29:1 these are the message of the covenant that the lord commanded moses to make with the sons of israel in the land of moab, except the covenant that he made with them in horeb.

Deuteronomy 29:2 moses was powerful to him. then moses called all the israelites and said to them, " you have seen everything that the lord has done before you in egypt to pharaoh, to all his servants, and all his land,

Deuteronomy 29:3 such a great progression that your eyes have seen, the miraculous signs and the miraculous wonders.

Deuteronomy 29:4 this is the hope that the lord did not give you a heart to know and eyes to see and ears to hear, until this day.

Deuteronomy 29:5 i was different with you and brought you firty years in the wilderness. your clothes were not destroyed, and your sandals did not be revealed from your feet.

Deuteronomy 29:6 you did not eat this earthly bread, and you did not drink wine or drink drink, so that you may know that i am the lord your god.

Deuteronomy 29:7 whenever you come to this place, sihon, king of hesbon, and og the king of basan went out to meet us by battle, but we killed them.

Deuteronomy 29:8 this is the journey to them, and we received their land and gave it in possession to the rubenies, the gadites, and the halve tribe of the manassih.

Deuteronomy 29:9 you will be difficult and obey all the words of this covenant, so that you may understand everything you should do.

Deuteronomy 29:10 just as you stand all this day before the lord your god, your rulers of your tribe, your elders, your rulers, your officiers, all the people of israel,

Deuteronomy 29:11 as well as your women, your children, your extrancy, the extranel who is among your camp, from your cower to your water,

Deuteronomy 29:12 for it is going to pass by the covenant of the lord your god and in his practice that the lord your god practices with you today.

Deuteronomy 29:13 it will be that he will be his own people, and he will be your god, just as he promised to you, and as he promised to your ancestors, abraham, isaac, and jacob.

Deuteronomy 29:14 i experience this covenant and this joy with you, but not with you alone.

Deuteronomy 29:15 it is just to them, but it is with those who are here your god with us, and with those who do not be here with us today.

Deuteronomy 29:16 you think that you know how we loved in egypt and how we passed through the nations you went away.

Deuteronomy 29:17 you as long as you saw their abominations and their idols of silver and stone, silver and gold, which is among them.

Deuteronomy 29:18 in this way, let no one among you be, no man or woman or family or family among you, in which his mind is abandoned from the lord your god, to go to serve the dieux of those nations, so that there is no rod from among you who calls hard and bitter.

Deuteronomy 29:19 it will be suffering to him. if he heard the words of this influction, he will insult in his heart and say, ' it will be great for me, because i will go in the rebellion of my heart ' s devotion. '

Deuteronomy 29:20 in the same way, the lord will not give him mercy, but then the anger of the lord and his jealousy will remove against that man, and all the cries that are written in this book will clothe in him, and the lord will destroy his name from under heaven.

Deuteronomy 29:21 from all the tribes of israel, the lord will experience him to evil from all the countrymen of israel, according to all the cursions of the covenant written in this book of the law.

Deuteronomy 29:22 it will be like this, and the second generation will say, ' your sons, who will rise after you, and the extranel who comes from a ferful country, when they see the plagues of that land and its diseases that the lord has sent on it :

Deuteronomy 29:23 the whole ground of the sound and salt that all its land have been destroyed - it will not be seed or produced, or any ground will come up on it, just as sodom and gomorrah, adma and seboim, whom the lord destructed in his wrath and in his anger,

Deuteronomy 29:24 they will be suffering to it, and all the nations will say, ' why did the lord like this to this land ? what is this great wrath ? '

Deuteronomy 29:25 they will be suffering with them, and they will say, ' because they have forgiven the covenant of the lord, the god of their ancestors, when he led them out of egypt.

Deuteronomy 29:26 he will be suffering to them, and they went and served to others dieux and worshiped them, for those whom they did not know and whom we did not give them.

Deuteronomy 29:27 in this way the lord ' s anger appeares against that land, so that he has brought to it all the curse that are written in this book of the law.

Deuteronomy 29:28 he will be like this, and the lord exalted them from their land with anger, anger, and great persecution, and has thrown them into another country, as it now is now. "

Deuteronomy 29:29 these things are revealed to the lord our god, but what is revealed is for us and our children for ever, to do all the words of this law.

Deuteronomy 30:1 " when all these things will come over you, the blessing and the fluction that i have put before you, and take it in your heart among all the nations where the lord your god has seized you,

Deuteronomy 30:2 and you return to the lord your god and obey his voice in everything i command you today, you and your people, with all your heart and all your soul,

Deuteronomy 30:3 then the lord your god will heal your sins and show mercy on you, and he will recollect you again from all the nations that the lord your god spread you there.

Deuteronomy 30:4 if your dispersed is from the other side of heaven, the lord your god will gather you from there and take you away from there.

Deuteronomy 30:5 and the lord your god will bring you into the land that your ancestors have possessed, and you will possesse it. he will make you good and will give you more than your ancestors.

Deuteronomy 30:6 so the lord your god will circumcide your heart and the heart of your descendants to love the lord your god with all your heart and with all your soul, so that you may live.

Deuteronomy 30:7 then the lord your god will give all these plagues on your enemies and over those who hates you who persecuted you.

Deuteronomy 30:8 yet you will turn back and obey the voice of the lord and obey all his commandments that i command you today.

Deuteronomy 30:9 and the lord your god will make you great in every work of your hands, in the fruit of your mouth, of the fruit of your beast, the fruit of your flesh and the fruit of your earth, because the lord will rejoice over you for good, just as he was glad to your ancestors,

Deuteronomy 30:10 if you obey the voice of the lord your god and hold his commandments and commandments that are written in this book of this law. if you turn to the lord your god with all your heart and with all your soul.

Deuteronomy 30:11 " for this commandment i command you today is not worthy for you and does not be far from you.

Deuteronomy 30:12 it is not in heaven so that you may say, ' who will ascend into heaven and take it for us, so that we may hear it ? '

Deuteronomy 30:13 it is not on the other side of the sea to say, ' who will go over us on the other side of the sea to take it to us and listen to us to do it ? '

Deuteronomy 30:14 but this saying is great near to you ; it is in your mouth and in your heart to do it.

Deuteronomy 30:15 look, i have now put before you today the life and the good and the evil and evil.

Deuteronomy 30:16 because i command you today to love the lord your god and live in his wells, to obey his commandments, commandments, commandments, and commandments, so that you may live and be great, and the lord your god will praise you in the land you enter to possesn it.

Deuteronomy 30:17 but if your heart will turn away and you do not listen, and you turn down and worship others and serve them,

Deuteronomy 30:18 i am proclaimed to you today that you will perish. you will not live long in the land where you pass through the jordan river to take it in possession.

Deuteronomy 30:19 i testify heaven and earth to testify against you that i have put life and death before you, the blessing and the fluck. therefore send the life so that you may live, you and your descendants,

Deuteronomy 30:20 to love the lord your god and obey his voice and hold fast to him, because this is your life and the longer of your days, so that you will live in the land that the lord swore to your ancestors abraham, isaac, and jacob to give them. "

Deuteronomy 31:1 when moses went and spoke these words to all the israelites,

Deuteronomy 31:2 he said to them, " i am today for a hundred and twenty years, i cannot enter it again or go out, and the lord said to me, ' you will not pass the jordan river. '

Deuteronomy 31:3 the lord your god will go before you. he will drive out these nations before you, and you will inherit them. josua will go before you, as the lord has spoken.

Deuteronomy 31:4 and the lord will do to them just as he did with sihon and og, the kings of the amoreens, and with their land, that he destroyed.

Deuteronomy 31:5 so the lord gave them over to you and do with them, as i have commanded you.

Deuteronomy 31:6 be courage and much, do not be afraid and not be afraid of them, because the lord your god is the one who is with you. he will never leave you or destroy you. "

Deuteronomy 31:7 then moses called joshua and said to him in the presence of the whole israel, " be courage and much, for you will enter this people into the land that the lord promuris to their ancestors to give them, and you will possesse it to them.

Deuteronomy 31:8 and the lord who is with you will go with you. he will not permit you or forgive you. do not be afraid and not be afraid. "

Deuteronomy 31:9 then moses wrote this law and gave it to the priests, the sons of levi, who carried the ark of the covenant of the lord, and to all the elders of israel.

Deuteronomy 31:10 moses commanded them and said, " after seven years, in the age of forgiveness, at the feast of loaves,

Deuteronomy 31:11 when all israel comes to appear before the lord your god in the place that he chose, let you recognize this law before all the people of israel before them.

Deuteronomy 31:12 assemble the people, both men, women, children, and the extrancy in your towns, so that they may listen and learn to fear the lord your god and obey all the words of this law.

Deuteronomy 31:13 and those who do not know it will listen and learn to fear the lord your god all the time you live in the land you go over the jordan river to take it in possession. "

Deuteronomy 31:14 then the lord said to moses, " look, the days of your death are approached. call joshua and stand before the tent of testimony, and i will give him instruction. " so moses and joshua went and stood in the tent of testimony.

Deuteronomy 31:15 then the lord stood in the tent in a cloud, a cloud kolom stood before the tabernacle of the tent.

Deuteronomy 31:16 then the lord said to moses, " look, you will go to leave with your ancestors, and this people will stand up and sexual immorality with others god in the land where he is going there, and will forgive me and destroy my covenant i have made with them.

Deuteronomy 31:17 in that day my anger will flamke up against them, and i will leave them and keep my face to them, and they will become food, and many evil things and sufferings will find them. they will say on that day, ' not these evil things have completed us ? '

Deuteronomy 31:18 but i will reject my face on that day because of all the evil things they have done because they have returned to others gods.

Deuteronomy 31:19 now write this cantice and teach the israelites. put it into their mouth, so that this cantice may be a witness against me against the people of israel.

Deuteronomy 31:20 for i will bring them into the land that i spoke to their ancestors, in a land where mild with milk and honor, and they will eat and be satisfied, and they will turn to others gods and serve them, and they will persecute me and destroy my covenant.

Deuteronomy 31:21 whenever i have brought them into the land that i spoke them, this sure will testify against them, because it will never remain their descendants and from the mouth of their descendants. i know their evil deeds that they do here before i bring them into the land that i spoke. "

Deuteronomy 31:22 so moses wrote this song on that day and taught it to the israelites.

Deuteronomy 31:23 then moses said to joshua, son of nun, and said, " be courage and strengthened, for you will bring the israelites into the land that i swore to them, and i will be with you. "

Deuteronomy 31:24 when moses had finished the instruction of this law in a book until the end came,

Deuteronomy 31:25 he commanded the levites who ported the ark of the covenant of the lord, saying,

Deuteronomy 31:26 " take this scroll and put it at the ark of the covenant of the covenant of the covenant of the covenant of the lord your god, so that there will be a witness against you.

Deuteronomy 31:27 for i know your hard rebellion and your hard neck. indeed, while i am still living with you, you were rebelly rebelled against the lord. how much for my death ?

Deuteronomy 31:28 gather to me all your elders, your elders, your officiers, so that i may speak these words to them and testify heaven and earth to testify against them.

Deuteronomy 31:29 for i know that after i am to die, you will fall away and deceive from the way i have commanded you. in the last days evil will come over you, because you will do what is evil in the eyes of the lord to provoke him by your hands ' s work. "

Deuteronomy 31:30 then moses spoke this letter in the presence of the whole israel of israel the words of this letter until the end.

Deuteronomy 32:1 listen, heaven, i will speak, and the earth will hear the words of my mouth !

Deuteronomy 32:2 my command will be condemned as rain, my message must descende like daug, like a food on the hair and like the grass on the grass.

Deuteronomy 32:3 for i will pray the name of the lord. give great praise to our god !

Deuteronomy 32:4 he is unclean, his deeds is true, and all his ways are judgment. he is a faithful god, and there is no unrighteousness, god is righteous and holy.

Deuteronomy 32:5 there are devoted children without him, a perverse and perverse generation.

Deuteronomy 32:6 do you repay to the lord, you foolish and not wise people ? is he not your father who formed you ? has he made you and created you ?

Deuteronomy 32:7 remember the long days, understand the generations of generations. ask your father, he will tell you, your elders, they will say to you.

Deuteronomy 32:8 when the most high divided the nations, who disstroyed the people of adam, he raised the regions of the nations according to the number of the angels of god.

Deuteronomy 32:9 for the part of the lord is his people, jacob is his possessions.

Deuteronomy 32:10 he lived him in a wilderness, in a wilderness, in a wilderness. he walked around him, instructed him, guard him like the bear of his eye.

Deuteronomy 32:11 like a eil, who reject his sick and suffers on his women, threw his vinger and accept them, leads them on his women.

Deuteronomy 32:12 the lord only brought him, and there was no extraordinary god with him.

Deuteronomy 32:13 he brought them over the group of the earth, and produced the produce of the field. he threw honey from rock and oliven from the strong rock.

Deuteronomy 32:14 wear of hors and melk of sheep with the flesh of the sheep, the bow of the backs, the boats, with the flesh of the fever of fire and drink wine.

Deuteronomy 32:15 but jesurun destroyed, stopped, stopped and burned. he left the god who made him, and rebelled the god of his savior.

Deuteronomy 32:16 they provoked him with extraordinary things, with abominations they provoked against him.

Deuteronomy 32:17 they offered demons, not god, any god whom they did not know, new, clearly come, whom their ancestors did not know.

Deuteronomy 32:18 you have forgiven the god who fathered you, and you have forgiven the god who formed you.

Deuteronomy 32:19 when the lord saw this, he was contristed by the wrath of his sons and his daughters.

Deuteronomy 32:20 he said, " i will keep my face to them, i will see what will be their last. for they are a distressed generation, children without faith in them.

Deuteronomy 32:21 they provoked hard me because they were not god. they provoked anger from me with their idols. but i will provoke them in anger because they are not a nation, i will provoke them to anger against a transgressed nation.

Deuteronomy 32:22 for a fire is burned in my wrath, and it will burn down to the hades always, and it will consume the earth and its produce, he will swallow the foundation of the mountains.

Deuteronomy 32:23 i will gather evil on them, and i will gather my pils against them.

Deuteronomy 32:24 they will be destroyed with hunger, they will eat the birds and the flesh. i will send to them the teeth of the beast with wrath of wilderers on the earth.

Deuteronomy 32:25 from the outside the sword will destroy them, and from the cammers there will be frightened, both young and virgin.

Deuteronomy 32:26 i said, ' i will spare them, i will remove their memorial from the people. "

Deuteronomy 32:27 but not by the wrath of the enemies, so that their enemies may not complete them, so that they may say, ' our high hand was revealed, and not the lord has done all these things. ' "

Deuteronomy 32:28 for they are a natural nation, and there is no knowledge.

Deuteronomy 32:29 if they would understand these things, they should welcome the time of his time.

Deuteronomy 32:30 how will one persecute thousand, and two bate thousand, unless their god solded them, and the lord would give them ? "

Deuteronomy 32:31 because their roof is not like our roof, and our enemies are foolish.

Deuteronomy 32:32 for their vineyard is from the vineyard of sodom and from the vineyard of gomorra. their branches are gifts of pigs, bitter bears are for them.

Deuteronomy 32:33 their wine is gift of dragles, wrath of difficult serpent.

Deuteronomy 32:34 " is this not completed with me, sealed in my treasurs ?

Deuteronomy 32:35 i will repay the day of punishment, the time they will repay, because the day of their destruction is near, and the day of their destruction is near.

Deuteronomy 32:36 for the lord will judge his people, and he will exhort his servants, because he has seen that they were lame, and that there is no destroyed or destroyed.

Deuteronomy 32:37 then he will say, ' where are their gods, the rop in whom they turned,

Deuteronomy 32:38 who ate the flesh of their sacrifices and beared the wine of their drunkoffer ? let they stand up and help you, so that they may be your powers ! "

Deuteronomy 32:39 see that i, i am the lord, and there is no god except me. i am killed and i am alive. i will strike and i will heal, and there is no one who will save from my hand.

Deuteronomy 32:40 for i take up my hand to heaven and say, ' so so that i live forever,

Deuteronomy 32:41 if i think my sword and my hand calls justice, i will repay his enemies, and i will repay those who hates me.

Deuteronomy 32:42 i will struck my pigs from blood, and my sword will eat flesh, from the blood of those who have been killed and captive, from the head of the rulers of the enemies.

Deuteronomy 32:43 rejoice, o nations, with his people, for he has rejected the blood of his children, he will repay his enemies and repay his people and his people.

Deuteronomy 32:44 so moses went in and spoke all the words of this law before the people, he and joshua the son of nun.

Deuteronomy 32:45 when moses was finished speaking to all the israelites,

Deuteronomy 32:46 and he said to them, " hold your hearts to all the words that i testify against you today. command your sons to obey all the words of this law.

Deuteronomy 32:47 for this is not a empty message for you, but it is your life, and through this message you will live long to live in the land where you pass over the jordan river to take it in possession. "

Deuteronomy 32:48 in that day the lord said to moses,

Deuteronomy 32:49 " get up the mountain of abarim this, on the mountain nebo in moab, apposite jericho, and see the land of canaan that i give to the israelites to possession.

Deuteronomy 32:50 then you will find to death on the mountain you go up, and will be gathered to your people, just as aaron your brother has died on the mountain or was called to his people.

Deuteronomy 32:51 because you rebelled you against me among the israelites by the water of meriba in kades in the wilderness of zin, because you did not sanctifige me among the people of israel.

Deuteronomy 32:52 for before you see the earth, you will not enter it. "

Deuteronomy 33:1 this is the blessing that moses the man of god blessed was to the israelites before his death.

Deuteronomy 33:2 and he said, " the lord came from sinai and appeared to us from seir. he fell from the mountain paran, with ten thousand of cades. at his right hand was angels with him.

Deuteronomy 33:3 he is mercy to the people, all his saints are in your hand. they are at your feet, they accept his words.

Deuteronomy 33:4 moses gave us the law, a possession of the synagogue of jacob.

Deuteronomy 33:5 he was a king in jesurun when the rulers of the people together, the tribes of israel.

Deuteronomy 33:6 let ruben live and must not be dead, and let he be great in number. "

Deuteronomy 33:7 to judah he said, " listen, lord, the voice of judah, and bring him to his people. may his hands judge him, and be a help for his enemies ! "

Deuteronomy 33:8 about levi he said, " your urim and urim do to your holy man, whom you tempted in massa, whom you tenged by the water of meriba,

Deuteronomy 33:9 who said to his father and mother, ' i have not seen you ! ' but who does not recognize his brothers or understood his sons. for they obeyed your message and obeyed your covenant.

Deuteronomy 33:10 they will clear your instructs to jacob and your instruction to israel. they will offer a incense in your wrath, and offering incense on your altar.

Deuteronomy 33:11 thank, lord, his power, and accept the work of his hands ! put the heads of his adversaries and those who hates him, so that they will not stand up ! "

Deuteronomy 33:12 about benjamin he said, " the dear of the lord will remain trying in him. he will remain him always, and he will remain among his homs. "

Deuteronomy 33:13 and to joseph he said, " blessed is his earth from the heavens of heaven, with the daught, and from the abyss along,

Deuteronomy 33:14 and for the produce of the produce of the sun, and the produce of the money,

Deuteronomy 33:15 from the head of the much mountains, from the top of eternal collings,

Deuteronomy 33:16 at the time of the earth, the fullness of the earth, and the welcomed of the one who appeared in the dorm. let him come on joseph ' s head, on the top of the glorious among his brothers.

Deuteronomy 33:17 his praise is the descendant of the beast, his horns are the horns of a horn. with them he will preach nations together to the ends of the earth. these are efraims ten thousand, and these are manassies ' s. "

Deuteronomy 33:18 to zebulun he said, " rejoice, zebulun, when you come out, and you, issachar, in your tents !

Deuteronomy 33:19 they will call out people there, there they will build the sacrifice of righteousness, for they will think the wealth of the sea and a straight banquet. "

Deuteronomy 33:20 about gad he said, " blessed is the straight of gad ! he has stopped like a lion, threw the arms and both rulers.

Deuteronomy 33:21 he saw the first offering of it, because there was the country of the rulers, together together together with the rulers of the people. he has done the righteousness of the lord and his judgment with israel. "

Deuteronomy 33:22 to dan he said, " dan is a jew of a lion, who lives away from basan. "

Deuteronomy 33:23 and to nafthali he said, " naftali is full of acception and full of blessing from the lord. he will inherit the sea and the west. "

Deuteronomy 33:24 about asser he said, " blessed is asser among the children, he will be welcomed to his brothers, and he will baptize his flesh in olje.

Deuteronomy 33:25 " your sandals will be of iron and bronze, and your strength will be like your days.

Deuteronomy 33:26 " there is no god like the god of jesurun, who comes on heaven to help you, the majesty of the strength.

Deuteronomy 33:27 the power of the always is god and the force of eternal arms. he drives out the enemies from your presence, saying, ' take away ! '

Deuteronomy 33:28 so israel will remain trying, only the land of jacob, for the ground of the wheat and the wine, and the heavens of the heavens of the heavens.

Deuteronomy 33:29 blessed is you, israel ! who is like you, a people being saved by the lord, the roof of your roof, the sword of your pride ! your enemies will sure you, and you will go on their neck. "

Deuteronomy 34:1 then moses went up from the steps of moab on the mountain of nebo, on the topp of pisga ahead of jericho. and the lord showed him the whole land of gilead until dan,

Deuteronomy 34:2 and the whole land of naphtali, the land of ephraim and manasseh, the whole juda of judah to the last sea,

Deuteronomy 34:3 the wilderness, the region of jericho, the city of palm, until soar.

Deuteronomy 34:4 then the lord said to moses, " this is the land i promised to abraham, isaac, and jacob, saying, ' i will give it to your descendants, but i will show it with your eyes, but you will never enter it. "

Deuteronomy 34:5 so moses, the servant of the lord, died in the land of moab according to the lord ' s order.

Deuteronomy 34:6 and he buried him in the field in the land of moab along of beth-peor, but no one knows his tomb until this day.

Deuteronomy 34:7 moses was about a hundred and twenty-years when he died. his eyes were not crucified and his help was not destroyed.

Deuteronomy 34:8 so the israelites wept moses in the steps of moab for thirty days. then the days of weeping of weeping for moses were finished.

Deuteronomy 34:9 now joshua, the son of nun, was filled with the spirit of knowledge, because moses had put his hands on him. the people of israel heard him and did what the lord had commanded moses.

Deuteronomy 34:10 now there was no prophet in israel again like moses, whom the lord knew face to face.

Deuteronomy 34:11 in all the miraculous signs and wonders that the lord had sent him to do in egypt to pharaoh, to all his servants, and for all his land,

Deuteronomy 34:12 " great miraculous merders and great hand that moses has done before all israel. blessed is you, israel ! who is like you, a people being saved by the lord, your shild and your glorious sword ? your enemies will sure you, and you will go on their neck. "

Joshua 1:1 after moses ' death came, says the lord to joshua, son of nun, moses ' officer, saying,

Joshua 1:2 " my servant moses has been dead. so stand up and get this jordan over, you and all this people, to the land i give to them.

Joshua 1:3 all the place where your feet are coming, i give you, just as i have told moses.

Joshua 1:4 from the wilderness and from libanon to the great river, the river euphrat, and to the west sea, from the west on the west, your region will be.

Joshua 1:5 no one will stand before you all your living days. just as i was with moses, i will be with you. i will not destroy you or destroy you.

Joshua 1:6 be courage and courage, for you will repay this people the land that i promised to your ancestors to give them.

Joshua 1:7 be courage and courage, to obey and to do everything that my servant moses has commanded you. do not deceive from it or right or left, so that you may understand whatever you go.

Joshua 1:8 and this scroll of this law will not destroy from your mouth, but pray about it day and night so that you may understand to do everything that is written in it. then you will help your way, and then you will recognize.

Joshua 1:9 " i have commanded you : be courage and courage, do not be afraid or fear, for the lord your god is with you every where you go. "

Joshua 1:10 then joshua commanded the experts in the law, saying,

Joshua 1:11 " go into the middle of the people and tell the people, ' make ready food, because after three days you will pass over this jordan, to enter and possession the land that the lord your god is given to you to possess. "

Joshua 1:12 now joshua said to the rubeniens, gadites, and the half tribe of manasse said to them :

Joshua 1:13 " remember what moses the servant of the lord commanded you, saying, ' the lord your god has given you rest and give you this land. '

Joshua 1:14 your women, your children, your feet, will live in the land that jordan has given you jordan ' s jordan ' s jordan ' s jordan ' s jordan ' s jordan ' s jordan ' s jordan ' s jordan ' s jordan river.

Joshua 1:15 until the lord your god give rest to your brothers, like you, and they too take in possession of the land that the lord your god gives to them. then you will go to his possession, to your possession that moses the servant of the lord, gave you on the other side of the jordan river, at the east of the sun. "

Joshua 1:16 so they answered joshua, " we will do everything you command us, and we will go every place you send us.

Joshua 1:17 just as we have heard moses, we will listen to you. let the lord your god be with you, as he was with moses.

Joshua 1:18 whoever rejects your words and does not obey your words in everything you command him will be put to death. hold courage and be courage ! "

Joshua 2:1 then joshua the son of nun sent two young men from sittim and said, " go and see the land and jericho. " so they went and went into the house of a prostitute named rahab and spented there.

Joshua 2:2 when the king of jericho were told this message, " some of the israelites have come here to see the land. "

Joshua 2:3 the king of jericho sent a message to rahab, " bring out those who have come in your house, for they have come to reveal the whole land. "

Joshua 2:4 but when her woman took the men, she hid them and said, " the men came to me.

Joshua 2:5 now when the door was thrown in the darkness, the men went out. i don ' t know where they have gone. follow them if you take them away. "

Joshua 2:6 but she had brought them up on the roof and hid them in the linen cloth that had been made on her on the roof.

Joshua 2:7 the men followed them by the way to the jordan river, and the city was certained when those who were persecuting them went out.

Joshua 2:8 now before they were laid, she went up to them on the roof

Joshua 2:9 and he said to them, " i know that the lord has given you the earth, because fear of you has fallen over us.

Joshua 2:10 for we have heard that the lord secised the shmr of the red sea before you when you went out of egypt, and what you did to the two kings of the amoritans that were the other side of the jordan river, to sihon and og, whom you have distroyed.

Joshua 2:11 when we heard this, our hearts were astonished, and there was no spirit in anyone of us before you, because the lord your god is god in heaven above and on the earth alow.

Joshua 2:12 so then, show me the swear by the lord, because i have shown mercy to you, you also will show mercy in my father ' s house

Joshua 2:13 that you will leave my father ' s house and mother, my brothers, my brothers, my husbands, and everything they have, and that you will save our life from death. "

Joshua 2:14 the men said to her, " our life is for your sake to be death. if you are saying this, whenever the lord give you the land, we will show mercy and truth against you. "

Joshua 2:15 so he destroyed them through the venster.

Joshua 2:16 she said to them, " go on the mountain so that the persecutions may not come to you, and be secret there three days until the persecutions have returned. then you will go your way. "

Joshua 2:17 the men said to her, " we are innocent of the oath you complied you.

Joshua 2:18 " if we enter the other side of the city, you will put this scarlet seed in the venestre through which you have put us down, and recollect to yourself in your house your father and mother, your brothers and your brothers.

Joshua 2:19 if anyone will go out of the door of your house outside, his blood will be his blood, and we will be innocent by this oath. if anyone is with you in your house, the blood of his blood will be against him.

Joshua 2:20 but if you reveal these acts of us, we will be innocent of the oath that you have complied you. "

Joshua 2:21 he said to them, " let it be just as you said. " so he sent them away.

Joshua 2:22 so they went and went to the mountain and stayed there three days. those who were seeking followed all the way, but did not find them.

Joshua 2:23 so the two men returned and went down from the mountain, went over and came to joshua, the son of nun, and told him everything that had happened to them.

Joshua 2:24 they said to joshua, " for the lord has given all the earth in our hands, and all the inhabitants of that land have become distressed from our presence. "

Joshua 3:1 the morning on the morning joshua went up and went away from sittim, and came to the jordan river. there they stayed there before they went over.

Joshua 3:2 after three days the experts in the law went through the camp

Joshua 3:3 and commanded the people, saying, " when you see the ark of the covenant of the lord your god and the priests who carry it, then go away from your place and follow it.

Joshua 3:4 but there will be about two thousand whoth among you and it. do not come near her, so that you may know the way you should go, because you did not go this way forever. "

Joshua 3:5 then joshua said to the people, " purified yourself, for tomorrow the lord will do wonders among you. "

Joshua 3:6 then joshua said to the priests, " take the ark of the covenant and go before the people. " so they took the ark of the covenant and went before the people.

Joshua 3:7 and the lord said to joshua, " this day i will want to exalt you before all the people of israel, so that they may know that i will be with you just as i was with moses.

Joshua 3:8 now you will give the priests carry the ark of the covenant, saying, ' whenever you enter the side of the water of jordan, you must stand in the jordan river. ' "

Joshua 3:9 then joshua said to the israelites, " come here and listen to the words of the lord your god.

Joshua 3:10 in this you will know that the living god is among you and that he will drive the cananians, the hetians, the perizzians, the chivvei, the girgasitians, the chivvei, the girgaseeos, the hevies, and the jebusees.

Joshua 3:11 look, the ark of the covenant of the lord of all the earth will pass through you over the jordan.

Joshua 3:12 take out twelve men from the tribes of israel, one man from each tribe.

Joshua 3:13 and whenever the priests carry the ark of the lord, the lord of the whole earth, will find up in the water of the jordan river, the water of the jordan river will be cut down, and the water that comes down will stand up. "

Joshua 3:14 so when the people left their tentions to go over the jordan river, the priests carriing the ark of the covenant, stood before the people.

Joshua 3:15 now as the priests carriing the ark entered the jordan river and the feet of the priests carriing the ark were thrown at the point of the water, but the jordan was filled with all his breathes at all the days of the harvest.

Joshua 3:16 then the water that came from buite stood up and stood in a experience fontein, that is very long, and the sea that came down, descended to the sea of araba, the sea of salt. they continued away, and the people stood in the east of jericho.

Joshua 3:17 the priests, who carried the ark of the covenant, stood on a drow ground in the middle of the jordan river, while all the people had finished over the jordan river.

Joshua 4:1 when all the people had finished passing the jordan river, the lord said to joshua,

Joshua 4:2 " take some men from the people, one man from each tribe,

Joshua 4:3 and command them, ' take up from the jordan river where you are ready, twelve stones, and take them together with you, and put them in your place where you lead the night. "

Joshua 4:4 then josuo called twelve men whom he had loved from the israelites, each man from each tribe,

Joshua 4:5 and said to them, " go before the lord of your lord your lord into the middle of the jordan river, and each one will take a stone on his home according to the number of the twelve tribes of israel,

Joshua 4:6 so that these stones may be a sign among you. when your sons should ask you tomorrow, ' what are these stones for you ? '

Joshua 4:7 you will say, ' the flood of the jordan river has left before the ark of the lord. when the jordan river passed through the ark of the jordan river. ' so these stones will be a memorial to the people of israel for ever. "

Joshua 4:8 the israelites did so as joshua commanded. they took twelve stones from the middle of the jordan river, just as the lord had spoken to joshua, in the end of the tribes of the israelites, and brought them together into the camp and placed them there.

Joshua 4:9 then joshua raised twelve stones in the journey of the jordan river where the priests carriing the ark of the covenant. it is there to this day.

Joshua 4:10 the priests who carried the ark stood there in the jordan river until all the things the lord had commanded to joshua to tell the people everything the lord had commanded to joshua. then the people quicchly went over.

Joshua 4:11 when all the people had finished over, the ark of the lord and the priests went over before them.

Joshua 4:12 so the people of ruben, gad, and the half tribe of manasseh passed through the people of israel, as moses had told them.

Joshua 4:13 four thousand who were belonging for help went over before the lord in the region of jericho.

Joshua 4:14 at that time the lord believed joshua in the presence of all the people of israel, and they were afraid of him as they were afraid of moses all his life.

Joshua 4:15 then the lord said to joshua,

Joshua 4:16 " give the priests carry the ark of testimony to go out of the jordan river. "

Joshua 4:17 then joshua commanded the priests, " get out from the jordan river ! "

Joshua 4:18 now when the priests who carried the ark of the covenant from the jordan river and placed his feet on the ground, the waters of the jordan river rushed down in their place and went back as before as long ago.

Joshua 4:19 then the people went up from the jordan river on the tighth day of the first month, and sitting on gilgal, on the east of jericho.

Joshua 4:20 then joshua raised these twelve stones that they had taken from the jordan river.

Joshua 4:21 saying, " whenever your children will ask you saying, ' what are these stones ? '

Joshua 4:22 tell your children, that israel passed over the jordan evening. '

Joshua 4:23 for the lord your god has suffered the water of the jordan river before you until you went over, just as the lord your god did with the red sea that he secised before us until we went over.

Joshua 4:24 so that all the nations of the earth may know that the power of the lord is great, and that you may fear the lord your god always. "

Joshua 5:1 when all the kings of the amoreërs who were on the other side of the jordan river and all the kings of the cananian who were by the sea heard that the lord secised the waters of the jordan river before the people of israel until they went over, their hearts were astonished and were astonished, and there was no encouragement in them for the people of israel.

Joshua 5:2 at that time the lord said to joshua, " make yourself rocks and circumcide the people of israel. "

Joshua 5:3 so joshua made rocks of rock and circumcided the israelites on the mountain of the uncircumcised.

Joshua 5:4 now this was the circumcision that judas circumcided them : all those who had gone out of egypt were all the uncircumcised people who had gone out of egypt.

Joshua 5:5 all these were the circumcision of jesus.

Joshua 5:6 for the israelites followed two years in the wilderness until all the help lame who had gone out of egypt were uncircumcised, because they did not obey the commandment of the lord, to whom the lord promised that he would not see them to see the land that the lord swore to their ancestors to give us, a land that fluke milk and honey.

Joshua 5:7 for these people he constited their sons. joshua was circumcised, because they were not circumcised on the road.

Joshua 5:8 after they were circumcised, they were trying to live in the leal until they were healed.

Joshua 5:9 then the lord said to joshua, " this day i have taken away to this day the obprobrious of egypt from you. " so that place is called gilgal until this day.

Joshua 5:10 the israelites celebred gilgal in gilgal, they celebred the passover on the four of the next day of the month, at the afternoon of jericho.

Joshua 5:11 the day on the day they were eating from the flesh of the earth, unleavened bread and gold, on that day.

Joshua 5:12 after they had eaten the wheat of the earth, the manna was destroyed. the people of israel did not have manna, but they eaten that year in the land of canaan.

Joshua 5:13 now while jesus was in jericho, he looked up and saw a man standing before him with a dragned sword in his hand. then jesus came up to him and said to him, " are you for us or our enemies ? "

Joshua 5:14 he replied, " i am not the ruler of the power of the lord, now i have come. " then joshua fell with his face to the ground and said to him, " what is your master to tell your slave ? "

Joshua 5:15 the ruler of the lame of the lord said to joshua, " take your sandals off your feet, for the place where you stand is holy. " so josua did so.

Joshua 6:1 but jericho was clothed and burned, and no one was going out of it nor entered.

Joshua 6:2 then the lord said to joshua, " look, i have put jericho, her king, and all held of power in your hand.

Joshua 6:3 so put the rocks around her along around her, and put the breathes around her along around her.

Joshua 6:5 whenever you blow the trumpet of the trumpet, when you hear the trumpet of the trumpet, all the people will shoute out together, and the city ' s muur will fall down, each of the people before his face. "

Joshua 6:6 then joshua, the son of nun, came to the priests,

Joshua 6:7 then he said to the people, " go around and walk around the city, and the held must go in the ark of the lord. "

Joshua 6:8 then the lord said to them, " seven priests, who had seven trumpets, went away to the presence of the lord, and shepherd together, and the ark of the covenant followed them.

Joshua 6:9 the officers went before the priests who blow the trumpet, and the people walking in the trumpet followed the ark, while they followed the trumpet.

Joshua 6:10 then joshua commanded the people, " do not call and do not hear your voice until the day he will proclaim it. then you will revoy it.

Joshua 6:11 so the ark of the lord went on the city for one time, and they went to the camp and remain there.

Joshua 6:12 the second day joshua stood up the morning, and the priests took up the ark of the lord.

Joshua 6:13 the seven priests who had brought the seven trumpets before the ark of the lord, went and blow his trumpet. the rest of the people went along the ark of the lord, and they turned in the trumpet. the rest of the crowd walked around the city.

Joshua 6:14 so on sex days they went to the burp and continued to do.

Joshua 6:15 on the seventh day they stood up early in the morning and went on the city seven times.

Joshua 6:16 at the seventh day, when the priests were trumpet, joshua said to the people, " shout out, for the lord has given you the city.

Joshua 6:17 the city and everything that is in it will be bleved for the lord, but reject rahab the prostitute, both her and all who are in her house.

Joshua 6:18 but you must guard yourselves from what is taken up, so that you may not be revealed and take from what is revealed, and not make the completion of the people of israel and destroy us.

Joshua 6:19 all silver or gold, bronze or iron, will be holy for the lord ; it will be brought into the treasure of the lord. "

Joshua 6:20 then the people shouted the trumpet, but when the people heard the voice of the trumpet, the whole crowd shouted with a loud voice, and the muur fell around, and the people went up to the city.

Joshua 6:21 and they put up with the fil of the sword everything that was in the city, both men and women, young men, old, hors, and eseep.

Joshua 6:22 then the two young men who possessed them said, " enter the woman ' s house, and bring her out with everything she possess ! "

Joshua 6:23 so the young man who had seized the woman went and brought rahab and her father and mother, her brothers and everything she possessed. they brought all her family and put them outside of the camp of israel.

Joshua 6:24 then the city and everything that was in it burned up with fire, except the silver and gold, the bronze and iron they put into the treasure of the lord.

Joshua 6:25 but josua had healed her prostitute rahab and her family ' s family, and she lived in israel to this day, because she had seiled those who had encouraged those who had sent joshua to provide jericho.

Joshua 6:26 in that day joshua conjured, saying, " cursed before the lord the one who rebuke that city. he will themselves themselves on his firstborn, and will put the city of it on his mindste son. "

Joshua 6:27 and the lord was with joshua, and the name of him spread throughout the whole land.

Joshua 7:1 but the people of israel regressed by what was revealed, and akan, son of carmi, son of zabdi, son of zera, from the tribe of judah, took up what was revealed. then the spirit of the lord flamed against the people of israel.

Joshua 7:2 then joshua sent men to ai, who is by bethel, and said, " escow ai. " so the men went up and esplorted ai.

Joshua 7:3 so they returned to joshua and said to him, " let all the people get up, but may go about two or three thousand people to walk against the city. do not bring all the people there, for they are a few. "

Joshua 7:4 then about three thousand men went up, but they fled before the people of ai.

Joshua 7:5 so the people of ai killed about thirty and sex men from them and persecuted them from the door to sebarim, and they threw them down at sebarim. so the people were greatly distressed and became like water.

Joshua 7:6 then joshua and the elders of israel tore his clothes and fell his face to the ground before the ark of the lord until the afternoon, he and the elders of israel, and they placed staud on their heads.

Joshua 7:7 then joshua said, " ach, lord, lord, why did you get this people over the jordan river to give us in the hand of the amoreens to destroy us ? if we would have remained and stay along the jordan river ! "

Joshua 7:8 what should i say, since israel looked away from his enemies ?

Joshua 7:9 when the cananeo and all the inhabitants of the land hear this, they will circumcide us and destroy our name from the earth. what then will you do for your great name ? "

Joshua 7:10 then the lord said to joshua, " get up ! why have you fell down with your face to the ground ?

Joshua 7:11 the people have completed adultery, and they abandoned the covenant that i had made with them, and they threw the bleck from the blected and put it into their mights.

Joshua 7:12 so the israelites will not stand to stand before their enemies, but they will turn away before their enemies, because they have become anathema. i will not be any more with you unless you take out the cursed from among you.

Joshua 7:13 get up and sanctifige the people and say, ' sanctifify yourselves to the morning ! for so says the lord, the god of israel : ' it is cursed among you ! you cannot stand before your enemies until you have taken out the cursed from among you.

Joshua 7:14 the morning, according to your tribes, will come together according to their tribes. the family that the lord will show will come in familles for familles, and the family that the lord shows will come in family for familles.

Joshua 7:15 but if anyone is divided it will burn up with fire and everything he possess, because he has destroyed the covenant of the lord and has committed lawlessness in israel. "

Joshua 7:16 so the morning on the morning joshua went up to the people according to their tribes, and the tribe of judah was taken up.

Joshua 7:17 the familon of the familes came up, and the family of the zerahites was taken up, and the family of the people appeared.

Joshua 7:18 akan, the son of zimri, the son of zerah,

Joshua 7:19 then joshua said to achan, " my son, give glory to the lord the god of israel, and give him praise. tell me what you have done, and do not secret it from me ! "

Joshua 7:20 akan replied to joshua, " i have sinned against the lord god of israel. i have done this and this :

Joshua 7:21 i saw among the prisoners a good shinar of shinar, two hundred silver coins of silver and a golden tongue for fifty silver coins. i greatly insulted them and took them. look, they are secreed in the earth in my tent, and the silver count under them. "

Joshua 7:22 then joshua sent messagers. they ran to the tent, and look, these things were hidden in his tent, and the silver count was under them.

Joshua 7:23 then they brought them out of the tent and brought it to josua and to all the israelites, and placed it before the lord.

Joshua 7:24 then josua and all the people with him took akan the son of zera and his sons, his daughters, his bears, his sheep, his sheep, his sheep, his sheep, his tent, his tent, and everything he possessed.

Joshua 7:25 then joshua said to achan, " why have you destroyed us ? the lord will execute you just as now, and all the people of israel stoned him to stone with stones.

Joshua 7:26 so they gathered a ground of great stone against him, and the lord required the wrath of his wrath. so it is the place of more to this day.

Joshua 8:1 then the lord said to joshua, " do not be afraid or be afraid. take all the leaders with you, get up and get up to ai. look, i have put the king of ai, his people, his people, and his country.

Joshua 8:2 you also will do to ai and to her king just as you have done with jericho and her king. but you will take possession of the possessions of the city. "

Joshua 8:3 so joshua and all the truppe lame stood up to ai. so joshua chosen thirty thousand wear held and sent them in the night.

Joshua 8:4 then he commanded them, " follow the city. do not be far from the city, and be all ready.

Joshua 8:5 so i and all the people who are with me will come to the city. when the people of ai come out against us as the first time, we will flee from their presence.

Joshua 8:6 when they follow us, we will drive them away from the city, because they will say, ' they will flee from our presence just as they did before us. '

Joshua 8:7 but you will stand up from the road and go into the city.

Joshua 8:8 " do this as i command you. "

Joshua 8:9 so joshua sent them out, and they went to the imprisonment and sitting among bethel and ai, west of ai.

Joshua 8:10 the morning on the morning joshua stood up and gathered the people, and he and the elders went up before the people to ai.

Joshua 8:11 so all the soldiers who were with him went up and followed the city from the east.

Joshua 8:12 and the clothes of the city were from the west side.

Joshua 8:14 when the king of ai saw this, he and all his people shouted out and went out to strict against the people, he and all his people. but he did not know that there was a insisting against him by the city.

Joshua 8:15 so joshua and the whole israel went away from their presence.

Joshua 8:16 they followed the israelites, and they turned away from the city.

Joshua 8:17 there was no one left in ai and in ai, who did not follow israel. they left the city opened and persecuted israel.

Joshua 8:18 then the lord said to joshua, " streck the spip that are in your hand against the city, for i will give it into your hand. " so joshua extended the spip that had in your hand against the city.

Joshua 8:19 when he extended his hand, the clothes stood quicchly out of their place, and when he extended his hand, they went up to the city and welcomed it, and quicchly they seized the city with fire.

Joshua 8:20 so the people of ai looked around them and saw smoke coming up from the city to heaven, and they were no longer going away there or here.

Joshua 8:21 now when joshua and all the people saw that the powers had received the city and that smoke from the city had gone up to heaven, they turned and struck the people of ai.

Joshua 8:22 these people went out out of the city against them, and they were in the middle of the crowd, some from each side and the other from each side. they struck them, so that no one was left or left.

Joshua 8:23 but the king of ai received living and brought him before josua.

Joshua 8:24 when israel had taken away all the people of ai in the country and on the mountain where they had persecuted them and had been divided with the sword of the sword, he returned to ai and struck it by the sword of the sword.

Joshua 8:25 those who fell on that day, both men and women, were twelve thousand, all the people of ai.

Joshua 8:27 nevertheless, the people of israel took possessions of the feet and the build of the city, according to the order that the lord had commanded to joshua.

Joshua 8:28 so joshua swallowed the city in fire and made it in a wilderness for all times, to this day.

Joshua 8:29 but the king of ai ried he on a tree until the afternoon. when the sun came up, joshua commanded that they threw down his body from the tree and throw him into the city of the city. they stapped a stone of stones against him, which is to this day.

Joshua 8:30 then joshua buke a altar to the lord, god of israel, on the mountain ebal,

Joshua 8:31 just as moses, the servant of the lord, had instructed to the people of israel, just as it is written in the law of moses : a altar of stone stone, on whom there was not thrown iron iron. and they offered offerings to the lord and offered sacrifices.

Joshua 8:32 now in the stones, joshua written the instruction of the law of moses, which he wrote before the people of israel.

Joshua 8:33 the whole israel, their elders, their experts, the experts of the law, the experts in the law, stood both on the other side of the ark before the priests of the lévites, who carried the ark of the covenant, both the extrancy and the ineign people. one held stood along the mountain gerizim, and one held against the mountain ebal, just as moses the servant of the lord had commanded to praise the people of israel.

Joshua 8:34 after this, joshua lead all the words of this law, the blessing and the curse, according to everything written in the law of moses.

Joshua 8:35 there was no message from everything moses commanded, which joshua did not lead in the presence of the whole israelitate of israel, both women, children, and the extrancy who were among them.

Joshua 9:1 now when all the kings of the amoreërs who were on the other side of the jordan river, in the mountain, in the lavning of the great sea, by the sea of libanon, the hetians, the amorians, the girgasei, the hevies, and the jebuseans, heard about this,

Joshua 9:2 they were together together to combation against joshua and israel.

Joshua 9:3 but when the inhabitants of gibeon heard what josuo had done with jericho and ai,

Joshua 9:4 they also did with self-control : they went and gathered and prepared the old sackets on their esels and old and destroyed wine of wine,

Joshua 9:5 and the clothing of their sandals and their sandals in their feet, and they had their clothes destroyed on them, and all their bread to eat were withered and destroyed.

Joshua 9:6 then they came to joshua into the camp in gilgal and said to him and to the people of israel, " we have come from a ferl country. now make another covenant with us ! "

Joshua 9:7 but the people of israel said to the horites, " do you live among us, how can us keep a covenant with you ? "

Joshua 9:8 they said to joshua, " we are your servants. " joshua said to them, " where are you, and where do you come from ? "

Joshua 9:9 so they replied, " your servants came from a great country country for the name of the lord your god. for we have heard his name and everything he has done in egypt,

Joshua 9:10 and what he had done to the rulers of the amoritans, who were on the other side of the jordan river, to sihon, king of hesbon, and og the king of basan, who was in astaroth.

Joshua 9:11 then our elders and all the inhabitants of our land said to us, ' take food for us for the way and go to their encontro and say to them, ' we are your servants, now make another covenant with us. '

Joshua 9:12 in the day we went out to you, the bread we were greatly distressed at the day we went out to you. now now the bread has withered and burned.

Joshua 9:13 these are the wine of wine we satisfied new, and look ! our clothing and our sandals are destroyed because of this great way. "

Joshua 9:14 so the rulers took their provision, but did not ask the lord.

Joshua 9:15 so joshua made peace with them and made a covenant with them to save them. then the rulers of the congregation swored to them.

Joshua 9:16 now after three days after they had covened the covenant with them, they heard that they were their companions and looking among them.

Joshua 9:17 so the people of israel went away and went to their towns, and their cities were gibeon, kefira, beeroth, and kiriath-jearim.

Joshua 9:18 but the people of israel did not stop them, because the rulers of the rulers had swored to them by the lord god of israel. then the whole group murmured against the rulers.

Joshua 9:19 the rulers said to the whole group, " we have swored them by the lord god of israel, and now we cannot touch them.

Joshua 9:20 we will make these things to live, and we will leave them, so that there will not be wrath against us because of the oath we have swored to them. "

Joshua 9:21 they will be waterers and waterers for the whole group, as the rulers said to them.

Joshua 9:22 then joshua called them and said to them, " why have you defiled us saying, ' we are great far from you, ' while you live among us ?

Joshua 9:23 so then, you will be cursed, and there will never find a slave for the house of my god. "

Joshua 9:24 they replied to joshua, " your servant has been told about what the lord your god gave to moses his servant to give you this land and destruction all those who live on the city from your presence. so we were very afraid of our life because of you, but we did this.

Joshua 9:25 now look, we are in your hand. do with us what you will see for good and good. "

Joshua 9:26 so he did with them, and he saved them from the hands of the israelites, so that they would not kill them.

Joshua 9:27 so in that day joshua made them over to the people of god to the place that he calls to the people and for the altar of the lord to the place that he chose.

Joshua 10:1 when adoni-zedek, the king of jerusalem, heard that joshua had taken ai and destroyed it, just as he had done with jericho and her king, and that the people of gibeon had made peace with israel and were in their midst,

Joshua 10:2 they were greatly afraid, for gibeon was a great city, like one of the towns, and they were like one of the towns, and all its people were powerful.

Joshua 10:3 so adoni-zedek the king of jerusalem sent to horam the king of hebron, to piram king of jarmut, to jafia, king of lakis, and to debir the king of eglon, saying,

Joshua 10:4 " come to me and help me to strike gibeon, because he has accomplished with josua and the israelites. "

Joshua 10:5 so the five jebusan king, the king of jerusalem, the king of hebron, the king of jarmut, the king of lakis, the king of eglon, they went up and assembled gibeon and assembled it.

Joshua 10:6 then the people of gibeon sent a message to joshua in the camp of gilgal to say, " do not destroy your hands from your servants. come quicchly up to us and save us and help us, for all the kings of the amoreens who live in the mountain have assembled against us. "

Joshua 10:7 so joshua and all the companions with him went up from gilgal, he and all the companions with him.

Joshua 10:8 then the lord said to joshua, " do not be afraid of them, for i have given them in your hand. no one of them will remain before you. "

Joshua 10:9 so joshua appeared to them suddenly, all the night he went out of gilgal.

Joshua 10:10 and the lord seized them from the presence of israel and broke them a great flock in gibeon. he persecuted them from the way to bet-horon and cut them down until azeka and makkeda.

Joshua 10:11 as they were fled before israel, they stood on the descendant of beth-horon, the lord broke hains from heaven on them from heaven to azeka, and they were more than those who died the hagess of hail than those who the israelites killed with the sword.

Joshua 10:12 then joshua said to the lord on the day the lord gave the amoritans in the hand of israel, and said to the presence of israel, " sun, sun over gibeon, and moon, in the vall of ajalon ! "

Joshua 10:13 so the sun and the moon stood firm until god had healed their enemies. so the sun stood in the middle of heaven and did not go on the west until one day.

Joshua 10:14 no day was like this, even before or last, when the lord heard a man, because the lord walked against israel.

Joshua 10:16 but the five men flowed and occuped them in a spelonk in makkeda.

Joshua 10:17 now the man was rapported to joshua, saying, " the five kings were found in the spelonk in makkeda. "

Joshua 10:18 then joshua said, " roll away stones to the mouth of the spelonk and put men to guard them.

Joshua 10:19 but you must not stand and persecute your enemies and destroy them. do not let them go into their towns, for the lord your god has given them into your hand. "

Joshua 10:20 when joshua and the people of israel had passed them in a great suffering until they were finished, and those who were escaped were saved into the beautiful towns,

Joshua 10:21 then all the people returned to joshua in makkeda in makkeda, and no one stopped his tongue against the people of israel.

Joshua 10:22 then josuo said, " open the spelonk and bring these five men out of the spelonk. "

Joshua 10:23 so they did so and brought the five men out of the spelonk : the king of jerusalem, the king of hebron, the king of jarmuth, the king of lakis, the king of eglon.

Joshua 10:24 when they had brought them to jesus, joshua called together all the people of israel and said to the commanding officers who had accompanied him, " go and put your feet on their feet. " so they came and placed their feet on their feet.

Joshua 10:25 then joshua said to them, " do not be afraid and not be afraid. be courage and strengthened, for so the lord will do with all your enemies against whom you strike. "

Joshua 10:26 then joshua threw them to death and had them killed on five trees, and they were ricked on the trees until the afternoon.

Joshua 10:27 when the sun came, joshua commanded them to destroy them from the trees and throwed them into the spelonk where they had been thrown. they rolled up stones on the spelonk, which is to this day.

Joshua 10:28 in that day he took makkeda and killed it with the sword of the sword, and destroyed all who was there, and lived no enemy of it. he did the king of makkeda just as he had done to the king of jericho.

Joshua 10:29 then josuo and all the people of israel with him went from makkeda to libna and attacked libna.

Joshua 10:30 so the lord gave her and her king in the hand of israel, and he seized it with the fil of the sword, and all the birds that were there. there did no enemy in it. he did to her king just as he had done with the king of jericho.

Joshua 10:31 then joshua with the whole israelition went away from libna to lachis, assexed it and attaed against it.

Joshua 10:32 then the lord gave lachis in the hand of israel, who took it on the second day, and destroyed it by the fil of the sword, just as he had done with libna.

Joshua 10:33 then horam the king of gezer went up to help lachis, but josua and his people struck him and his people, so that he left no one left.

Joshua 10:34 from lakis joshua and all israel with him went to eglon, and they assembled it and arrested it.

Joshua 10:35 so they taken it in that day and destroyed it with the fil of the sword, and interfected all the birds that was there, just as he had done with lakis.

Joshua 10:36 then joshua with all the israelites went away from hebron to hebron and assembled against it.

Joshua 10:37 and they destroyed it with the fil of the sword, all the birds that were there, except what he had done with adullam, and they destroyed it and everything that was there.

Joshua 10:38 then joshua with the whole israel returned to debir and attacked against it.

Joshua 10:39 he took up it, her king, all its villages, and they killed it with the fighter of the sword, and destroyed all who were in it. he did not left anyone, just as he had done with hebron and her king, so he did with debir and her king.

Joshua 10:40 so joshua destroyed the whole land of the berts, the negev, the laeving country, and the wilderness, and all their kings. he destroyed nothing of them, but destroyed every one who was living, just as the lord god of israel had commanded.

Joshua 10:41 from cades-barnea until gaza, all the region of gosen until gibeon.

Joshua 10:42 and joshua loved all these kings and their land, because the lord god of israel walked for israel.

Joshua 11:1 when jabin, the king of hazor, heard about this, he sent a message to jobab, king of madon, to the king of shimron, and to the king of achsaf,

Joshua 11:2 and to the kings who were at siddon, in the mountain, in the araba in the east of kinneroth, in the country, and in the region of dor,

Joshua 11:3 to the canananeans from the east and the wilderness of the amoreans, the perizites, the perizites, the perizites, the perizites, the jebuseans in the mountain, and to the hevies under the hermon in the land of mizpa.

Joshua 11:4 so they went out with all their companions, a large multitude like the sand on the sea, with many loaves and wags.

Joshua 11:5 then all these kings gathered and arrived together and bowed on the water of merom to combation against israel.

Joshua 11:6 but the lord said to joshua, " do not be afraid of them, for tomorrow, tomorrow, i will give them all killed before israel. you will burn their horses and will burn their wags with fire. "

Joshua 11:7 so joshua and all the lame lame came to them immediately at the water of merom, and they fell on them.

Joshua 11:8 and the lord gave them in the hand of israel, and they persecuted them and persecuted them like the great sidon, to misrefot-maim, and to the region of mispa on the east. they destroyed them until no one left.

Joshua 11:9 so joshua did with them as the lord had commanded him : he gathered their horses and swallowed their wags in fire.

Joshua 11:10 in that time joshua returned and welcomed hazor and welcomed his king. ( for hazor was already a ruler over all these rigs.

Joshua 11:11 they killed with the fighter all who was in it, and they destroyed nothing, and there was no one who lived, but hasor he burned up with fire.

Joshua 11:12 and joshua took all the towns of the regions and all their kings and killed them with the fil of the sword, and destroyed them, just as moses the servant of the lord had commanded.

Joshua 11:13 but the people of israel had not swallowed the towns of the towns, except hazor.

Joshua 11:14 and all the possessions of the people of israel took possessions for themselves, but they destroyed all people with the fil of the sword, until they had killed them, and they did nothing of them to live.

Joshua 11:15 just as the lord had commanded his servant moses, so moses commanded moses. so joshua did so, he did nothing from everything that the lord had commanded moses.

Joshua 11:16 so joshua took the whole land, the mountain, the whole negev, the whole land of gosen, the laefa, the wilderness, the mountain, the mountain of israel and his territory,

Joshua 11:17 from the mountain from the mountain from the mountain from seir to baal-gad in the sea of the líbanon under the mountain hermon. he took all their kings and killed them and killed them.

Joshua 11:18 joshua continued to combation with all these kings.

Joshua 11:19 now there was no city that israel did not take, all they received in the battle.

Joshua 11:20 for it was from the lord to strengthen their heart to complete to combation against israel, so that they would destroy them, so that there would not be given mercy to them, but to destroy them, just as the lord had commanded moses.

Joshua 11:21 in that time jesus came and destroyed the anacites in the berts, from hebron, debir, anab, and from all the mountain of judah, and from all the mountain of judah. joshua destructed them with their towns.

Joshua 11:22 there was nothing of anakits in the land of the people of israel, except in gaza, gath, and asdod.

Joshua 11:23 so joshua took the whole land, just as the lord had commanded moses. then joshua gave them in possession to israel, in their possessions, according to their familes. and the land required in the combation.

Joshua 12:1 these are the kings of the earth that the sons of israel had killed and whom they possessed in the other side of the jordan river, from the arnon-vall until the mountain hermon, and all the wilderness on the east.

Joshua 12:2 sihonon, the king of the amoreens, who residing in hesbon, who remained from aroer, at the other side of the dal, and from the half of gilead until jabbok, the region of the ammonites,

Joshua 12:3 and from the arabing to the sea of kinnereth, on the west side, and to the sea of the araba, the salt sea, from the wilderness, the wall of the sea of pisga.

Joshua 12:4 and og, the king of basan, left rest of the gigans, who lived in astaroth and edrei,

Joshua 12:5 from the hermon mountain, and from salka and all basan until the region of the gesurites and the maachatians, and the half of galaad, to the region of sihon, king of hesbon.

Joshua 12:6 moses the servant of the lord and the people of israel killed them, and moses the lord, the lord, gave it in possession of the rubenians, the gadites, and the halve tribe of the manassih.

Joshua 12:7 these are the kings of the region whom joshua and the israelites died to the other side of the jordan river, from baal-gad in the sea of the libán until the mountain that reaches seir. joshua gave it in possessions to the tribes of israel according to their possessions.

Joshua 12:8 on the mountain, in the wilderness, in the wilderness, in the wilderness, in the wilderness, in the wilderness, in the wilderness, in the wilderness, in the wilderness, in the wilderness and in the negev.

Joshua 12:9 the king of jericho, the king of ai, that is near bethhel,

Joshua 12:10 the king of jerusalem, the king of hebron.

Joshua 12:11 the king of jarmut, the king of lachis ;

Joshua 12:12 the king of elam, the king of gezer,

Joshua 12:13 the king of debir, the king of gader,

Joshua 12:14 the king of ramath, the king of charath,

Joshua 12:15 the lame of libna, the king of adullam,

Joshua 12:16 the man of the maceda.

Joshua 12:17 the king of tagog, the king of chefer,

Joshua 12:18 the son of afek, the son of sarah,

Joshua 12:19 " a man of hasor.

Joshua 12:20 the son of simron-meron, the king of achsaf,

Joshua 12:21 the king of cades, the king of taanah,

Joshua 12:22 the king of mag, the king of jokneam, the carmel,

Joshua 12:23 the king of dor, a region of dor, king of goim in galilee,

Joshua 12:24 the king of tirsa. all these men were twenty-night konger.

Joshua 13:1 now when jesus was already already already already already old, and the lord said to him, " you are all long days, and there is a great possession of the land for a inheritance.

Joshua 13:2 this is the land that remains : all the region of the philistian and all the gesurites,

Joshua 13:3 from sihor, that is apposite of egypt, to the region of ekron on the right side, counts to the cananians : the five provinces of the philistians, the gaza, asdod, ascalonians, gath, ekron, and ekron.

Joshua 13:4 from the hefer, all the region of the canaan, and gaza the region of the sidonians, to afek, to the region of the amoreans,

Joshua 13:5 the land of the giblans, and all the liban, on the east of the sun, from baal-gad at the east of hermon until hamath.

Joshua 13:6 all who live on the mountain from the libano to misrefot-maim, all the sidons. i will drive them out of the presence of israel. nevertheless, give it to israel as a possession, as i have commanded you.

Joshua 13:7 now merk this land in possession to the nive tribes and the halve tribe of manasseh, from the jordan river to the great sea. you will give it in possession of the great sea. "

Joshua 13:8 to the two tribes and the halve people of the rubenians and the gadites had given the possessions of moses to the other side of the jordan river, just as moses the servant of the lord had given them,

Joshua 13:9 from aroer, that is the bread of the river arnon, and the city that is in the middle of the dal, and all the sea of medeba until dibon,

Joshua 13:10 all the towns of sihon, the king of the amoritans, who reigned in hesbon, until the region of the sons of ammon.

Joshua 13:11 and gilead, and the region of the gesurites and the maachaties, all the mountain hermon, and all basan until salka,

Joshua 13:12 all the kingdom of og in basan, who reigned in astaroth and edrei. he was the rest of the refaïs. moses struck them and destroyed them.

Joshua 13:13 but the people of israel did not destroy the gesurites and the maachatians, but gesur and maachatiter live among israel to this day.

Joshua 13:14 nevertheless, to the tribe of levi, he did not give a possession. the offerings of the lord the god of israel are his arvedel, as he had told them.

Joshua 13:15 so moses gave the family of the rubeniens, their familes.

Joshua 13:16 their region was from aroer from the river arnon, and from the city that is in the river of arnon, and all the sea of medeba,

Joshua 13:17 hesbon and all the other towns in the field, dibon, bamoth-baal, bet-baal-meon,

Joshua 13:18 jahas, kedemoth, mephaath,

Joshua 13:19 kiriataim, sibma, serada and sihor in the mountain of the mountain,

Joshua 13:20 beth-peor, the places of pisga and bet-jesimoth

Joshua 13:21 all the towns of the laise, all the kingdom of sihon, king of the amoreens, who belonged to sihon, whom moses had killed with the rulers of midian : evi, rekem, sur, hur, and reba, rulers of sihon who live in the land.

Joshua 13:22 they killed the magister balaam, the son of beor, the magister.

Joshua 13:23 ( now the region of the ruben ' s region was jordan. this is the erfdeel of the sons of ruben according to their familes, the towns and their villages.

Joshua 13:24 so moses gave this payment to the gadits of gad, their familes.

Joshua 13:25 their region was jazer, all the towns of gilead, and the half of the land of the ammonites, like aroer, that is apposite rabba,

Joshua 13:26 from hesbon to ramat-mispa and betonim, from mahanaim to the region of debir,

Joshua 13:27 in the lakin of the region of beth-haram, beth-nimra, succoth, and safan, the rest of the kingdom of sihon king of hesbon, and the jordan region to the other side of the sea kinnereth hine of the jordan river.

Joshua 13:28 this is the erfdeel of the gadits, their familes, the towns and their villages.

Joshua 13:29 moses gave this different tribe of the manassih, their familes.

Joshua 13:30 their region was from mahanaim, all basan, the whole kingdom of og, king of basan, and all the villages of jair in basan, seventy cities.

Joshua 13:31 the half of gilead, astaroth and edrei, the towns of the kingdom of og in basan, given to the sons of machir the son of manasseh, and the half of the sons of machir according to their familes.

Joshua 13:32 these things moses possessed in the arabs of moab by the other side of the jordan, apposite jericho, west of jericho.

Joshua 14:1 these are the possessions of the people of israel in the land of canaan, which the priest eleazar and joshua the son of nun and the families of the families of the people of israel possessed to them.

Joshua 14:2 in loth, as the lord had commanded through joshua, to the nive tribes and the half tribe.

Joshua 14:3 from the other side of the jordan river, but to the levits he gave no possession among them.

Joshua 14:4 for the sons of joseph were two tribes, manasseh and ephraim, but the lévites did not give part in the land except towns to live with their weidns for their beast and their beast.

Joshua 14:5 as the lord had commanded moses, so the people of israel did and divided the earth.

Joshua 14:6 then the people of judah came to jesus in gilgal, and kaleb, the son of jefunne the kenizita, said to him, " you know what the lord spoke to moses the man of god about me and you at cades-barnea.

Joshua 14:7 i was for afarty years when moses, the servant of the lord, sent me from cades-barnea to complete the earth, and i gave him a respect according to his mind.

Joshua 14:8 but my brothers who went up with me destroyed the people, but i continued to follow the lord my god.

Joshua 14:9 that day moses swore and said, ' the land where your foot has seed will be your and your children to ever, because you followed the lord your god. '

Joshua 14:10 now now, look, i am about forty-five years from the time the lord spoke this message to moses when israel went in the wilderness. now now, i am about forty-five years.

Joshua 14:11 i am still much as when moses sent me, so i am able to go out and go into the battle. "

Joshua 14:12 now now i ask you this mountain that the lord said that that day you heard that the anakits are there, and there are great, great town. if the lord is with me, i will destroy them, just as the lord has spoken. "

Joshua 14:13 then joshua blessed him and gave hebron to kaleb, son of jefunne, hebron in possession.

Joshua 14:14 for this reason hebron became a possession to caleb, the son of jefunne the kenizita, to this day, because he followed the lord god of israel.

Joshua 14:15 now hebron was first the name of kiriat-arba. arba was a large man among the anakits. ( now the earth was started away from the battle. )

Joshua 15:1 the region of the tribe of the people of judah came according to their familes : from the region of edom, from the wilderness of zin to the suuth.

Joshua 15:2 their east of the sudden region came to the extrem of the old sea, from the break that is to the suuth.

Joshua 15:3 so she passed on the east of acrabbim and passed through zin, and suffering on the suuth of cades-barnea, went out to hecron, leading to addar and leading to addar.

Joshua 15:4 she went to azmon and extended to the vall of egypt, and finded out to the sea. this will be your sufight region.

Joshua 15:5 the east from the east of the chain sea was to the side of the jordan river. the norderside region was from the sea of the sea from the other side of the jordan river.

Joshua 15:6 then the region went up to beth-hogla, passing through the norderside of bet-araba, and went up to the stone of bohan the son of ruben.

Joshua 15:7 then the granight went up to achor, from the sea of achor, and went down to gilgal, that is ahead of adummim, who is in the suuth of the dal. then the granight went to the water of en-semes and expleit the en-rogel.

Joshua 15:8 then the granight went up to the valle of hinnom, on the suuth of the jebus ( that is, jerusalem ). so the grant went out to the top of the mountain that is near the dal of hinnom, who is on the nord side of the region of refaim.

Joshua 15:9 from the top of the mountain the region went to the fontein of the water of neftoah and went out to the region of the mountain of efron. then the region went out to baala ( that is kirjat-jearim ).

Joshua 15:10 from baala, the region went to the west mountain and passed to the mountain of the mountain jearim ( that is, chesalon ), and went down to beth-semes and passed to timna.

Joshua 15:11 then the region extended to the norderside of ekron, and continued to sachron, passing through the mountain baala, extended to jabneel, and continued to the sea.

Joshua 15:12 the west region was the great sea. this is the region of the people of judah alreded, according to their familes.

Joshua 15:13 and to kaleb, the son of jefunne, gave a part in the country of the people of judah according to the message of the lord to joshua, the city of arba, the city of anac ( that is hebron ).

Joshua 15:14 kaleb destroyed from there the three sons of anac, seshai, ahiman, and talmai, the sons of anac.

Joshua 15:15 then he went up from there against the people of debir, but the name of debir was former kirjat-sefer.

Joshua 15:16 then caleb said, " whoever takes off kiriat-sefer and pushes it i will give my daughter achsa for a wife. "

Joshua 15:17 then otniel, the son of kenaz, the brother of caleb, took her. he gave him his daughter achsa as a wife to him.

Joshua 15:18 when she entered her, she planned to ask his father a field. she came from the eselin, and caleb said to her, " what do you want ? "

Joshua 15:19 she replied, " give me a blessing, because you have given me in the region of the negev, give me waters of water. " then she gave her the waterless waters and the waterless waters.

Joshua 15:20 this is the erfdeel of the family of the people of judah.

Joshua 15:21 now the town of the region of the people of judah, on the region of edom, on the wilderness of edom, was : kabseel, eder, jagur,

Joshua 15:22 kina, dimona, adada,

Joshua 15:23 kedes, hazor, jitnan,

Joshua 15:24 zif, telem, bealot,

Joshua 15:25 hatsor, kerioth-hecron ( that is hazor ),

Joshua 15:26 amam, sema, molada,

Joshua 15:27 hasar-gadda, hesmon, bet-pelet,

Joshua 15:28 hazar-seal, beerseba, beerseba,

Joshua 15:29 baala, ijim, esem,

Joshua 15:30 eltolad, kesil, horma,

Joshua 15:31 ziklag, madmanna, sansanna,

Joshua 15:32 lebaot, silhim, ain and rimmon. these were citur-city with their villages.

Joshua 15:33 in the laevy : estaol, sora, asna,

Joshua 15:34 zanoah, en-gannim, tappuah, enam,

Joshua 15:35 jarmut, adullam, socho, azeka,

Joshua 15:36 shaaraim, adithaim, gedera, gedera, gedera. - four people with their villages.

Joshua 15:37 senan, hadasa, migdal-gad,

Joshua 15:38 dilean, mispe, jokteel,

Joshua 15:39 lakis, boskat, eglon,

Joshua 15:40 kabbon, lahmas, kitlis,

Joshua 15:41 gederot, bet-dagon, naama and makkeda - seventy-two cities with their villages.

Joshua 15:42 libna, eter, asan,

Joshua 15:43 jiftah, asna, nesib,

Joshua 15:44 keila, achzib, maresa - four cities with their villages.

Joshua 15:45 ekron with its villages and their villages.

Joshua 15:46 from ekron to the west, all that is near ashdod with their villages.

Joshua 15:47 asdod with its villages and villages, gaza with its villages and villages until the river of egypt, and the great sea that is through it.

Joshua 15:48 and in the mountain, shamir, jattir, socha,

Joshua 15:49 danna, kiriat-sanna ( that is debir ),

Joshua 15:50 anab, estemo, anim,

Joshua 15:51 gosen, holon, and gilo - elf people with their villages.

Joshua 15:52 arab, duma, esan,

Joshua 15:53 janum, bet-tappuah, afeka,

Joshua 15:54 humta, kiriat-arba ( that is hebron ) and sior : nine and their villages.

Joshua 15:55 maon, karmel, zif, jutta,

Joshua 15:56 jizreel, jokdeam, zanoa,

Joshua 15:57 kain, gibea, and timna : nine and their villages.

Joshua 15:58 halhul, bethsur, gedor,

Joshua 15:59 magaroth, bet-anem, beth-anem, bet-anem, tataim, tatam, tataim, gallim, gater, gater, gater, thorim, gallim, gallim, gater, thether, thether, eter, thether, thether, thether, thether, thether, theterer, thether, and manoah - elf towns with their villages. )

Joshua 15:60 kiriath-baal ( that is kirjat-jearim ) and rabba : two cities with their villages.

Joshua 15:61 in the steph : bet-araba, middin, sekaka,

Joshua 15:62 nibsan, ir-melah, and en-gedi - seven cities with their villages.

Joshua 15:63 but the jebusites, who loved in jerusalem, the people of judah did not destroy them. so the jebuseens live from the people of judah in jerusalem to this day.

Joshua 16:1 the region of the sons of joseph came from the jordan river from jericho, at the east of jericho, from jericho to the bereside of the wilderness, to bethel.

Joshua 16:2 then it went out to bethel and passed through the region of the archiens to ataroth.

Joshua 16:3 then it went to the west, to the region of the japhletits, to the region of the next bet-horon and to gizer, and it was outside by the sea.

Joshua 16:4 so the people of joseph, ephraim and manases, possessed to possession.

Joshua 16:5 the region of the efraims, their familes, became this : the region of their possessions from the east was atrot-addar until the obove beth-horon.

Joshua 16:6 then the region went to the sea to mikmetath, norderside, and continued to the east to taanat-silo, and passed over to the east of janoah.

Joshua 16:7 from janoah it leading to ataroth and naara, and came to jericho and extended to the jordan river.

Joshua 16:8 from tappuah the region went to the west, to the arrock of kana, and exodos to the sea. this is the possession of the tribe of the stammes of ephraim, as long as their familes.

Joshua 16:9 and the towns who was revealed to the sons of ephraim in the middle of the sons of manasseh, all the towns with their villages.

Joshua 16:10 but the people of efraim did not perish the cananeo who lived in gezer, but the kanaans live in the region of ephraim until this day until this day until this day.

Joshua 17:1 this was the region of the tribe of manasseh, because he was the firstborn of joseph. machir the firstborn of manasseh, the father of gilead, who was a soldly man.

Joshua 17:2 the rest of the rest of manasseh, their familles, became this : for the sons of abiezer, the sons of helez, the sons of jehaziel, the sons of shekem, the sons of hefer, and of the sons of hefer. these were the sons of manasseh, the son of the manasseh, to the sons of their familles.

Joshua 17:3 but selofhaad, the son of hefer, the son of hefer, the son of hefer, was not sons, but only daughters. the name of the daughters of tselofhaad were machla, noa, hogla, milka, and tirtsa.

Joshua 17:4 they stood before the priest eleazar, joshua, the son of nun, and the rulers, saying, " the lord commanded moses to give us an arvedel among our brothers. " so the lord gave them a lot among the brothers of their father.

Joshua 17:5 so the descendants of them fell from manasse and basan, that is in the other side of the jordan river,

Joshua 17:6 for the daughters of the sons of manasseh possessed possession among his people, and the land gilead became for the rest of the people of manasseh.

Joshua 17:7 the territory of manasseh came from aser to michmetath, that is ahead of sichem. then the grenze went on the west of the wall of en-tappuah.

Joshua 17:8 tappuah, tappuah, in the region of manasseh, would be to the people of ephraim.

Joshua 17:9 then the region went down to the sea de kana, suffing to the west of the sea. these regions were the territory to ephraim among the city of manasseh. the region of manasseh was to the norderside of the sea, and enough to the sea.

Joshua 17:10 the norderside of the region was to ephraim, but to the norderside of manasseh, and the sea was their territory. they went to aser on the nord and on issachar on the east.

Joshua 17:11 in issachar and asser the people of manasseh were : bethsan with its villages, dor with its villages, the inhabitants of dor with its villages, the inhabitants of megiddo with its villages, the inhabitants of megiddo with its villages, the people of megiddo with its villages, the people of megiddo with its villages.

Joshua 17:12 but the people of manasseh could not destroy these towns, but the cananeos were coming to live in this land.

Joshua 17:13 when the people were strengthened, the people of israel were strengthened, they made the cananes to obey them, but did not destroy them.

Joshua 17:14 so the sons of joseph said to jesus, " why have you given us one possession and one part, since i am a large people, and the lord has blessed me ? "

Joshua 17:15 then joshua said to them, " if you are a large people, ascend into the sea and get it for your own people, if the mountain of ephraim will suffere you. "

Joshua 17:16 " the mountain said, " the mountain will not be completed to us, and all the cananeens who live in the town are hard and iron. they are in bethsean and its villages and in the vall of jizreel. "

Joshua 17:17 so joshua said to the people of joseph, joseph, and manaseah, " you are a large crowd. you have great power. you will not have one sort.

Joshua 17:18 but the wall will be your possessions, because it is a bos. you will clean it, so that they will be your possessions. because you will drive the cananians because they have a shaken horse and are greater. "

Joshua 18:1 then the whole israelition of the people gathered together in silo, and they placed the tabernacle of the testimony there, and the earth was revealed from them.

Joshua 18:2 but seven tribes of the people of israel who did not receive the possession of them.

Joshua 18:3 then joshua said to the people, " how long will you destroy you to inherit the land that the lord your god has given ?

Joshua 18:4 give some of you three men from every tribe, and i i will send it up and passe the land. they will revide it in my presence, as they have prayted it. then they have come to him.

Joshua 18:5 he will divide them in seven parts. judah should remain in his territory in the suuth, but the house of joseph should remain in his territory on the nord.

Joshua 18:6 " but you will bear the land in seven parts and bring it here to me here, and i will make a possession for you before the lord our god.

Joshua 18:7 for the levievs have no part among you, because the priesthood of the lord is their part. the gadits, ruben, and the half of the tribe of manasseh received their arvedel on the other side of the jordan river, which moses the servant of the lord gave them. "

Joshua 18:8 so the men stood up and went away. then joshua commanded those who were going to destroy the land, saying, " go and go through the land, and come back to me, and i will bring you a lot before the lord in silo. "

Joshua 18:9 so they went and went through the land and wrote it in a book in seven parts in a scroll. then they came to joshua in a scroll according to its towns.

Joshua 18:10 so joshua gave them a possession in silo before the lord.

Joshua 18:11 the late went out for the tribe of the tribe of benjamin, according to their familes. and the region of their lose possession was among the people of judah and the sons of joseph.

Joshua 18:12 their nord region came from the jordan river and went up to the norderside of jericho and went up to the mountain, to the west, and finded out to the wilderness of beth-aven.

Joshua 18:13 from there the region went to luz ( that is bethel ). then the region went down to ataroth-addar, on the mountain that is on the suuth of the near beth-horon.

Joshua 18:14 then the region went and went to the west side to the west side from the mountain from the mountain apposite beth-horon, and finded out to kiriat-baal ( that is kirjat-jearim ), the city of the people of judah. this is the west side.

Joshua 18:15 the negev side was from the side of kirjat-jearim, and the grenze went to the west, to the spring of the water of neftoah.

Joshua 18:16 then the hangstron went down to the other side of the mountain that is before the sover of hinnom, that is on the norderside of the region of refaïm, and went down to hinnom, at the suffite side of the jebuseos, and went down to en-rogel.

Joshua 18:17 then she went through the region and went to en-semes and passes to geliloth, who is near the way of adummim, and went down to the stone of bohan, the son of ruben.

Joshua 18:18 he went through the region of araba, on the nord, and went down.

Joshua 18:19 she went to the region of beth-hogla in the nord, and exodos of the sover of the salt sea, in the norderside side of the jordan river. this is the negev region.

Joshua 18:20 now the jordan region was on the east of the east. this is the possession of the sons of benjamin by her region alreded, according to their familes.

Joshua 18:21 now the towns of the region of the sons of benjamin, according to their familes, were : jericho, bet-hogla, emek-kesis,

Joshua 18:22 bet-araba, semaraim, bethel,

Joshua 18:23 avim, para, ofra,

Joshua 18:24 kefar-ammonai, ofni, and geba - twelve cities with their villages.

Joshua 18:25 gibeon, rama, beeroth,

Joshua 18:26 mispe, kefira, moza,

Joshua 18:27 a phira, the rephela, the tharela,

Joshua 18:28 sela, elef, jebus ( that is jerusalem ), gibeath, kiriath - four people with their villages. this was the erfdeel of the sons of benjamin, as their familes.

Joshua 19:1 the second lot sorted for the sons of simeon, to their familes. their possession was in the middle of the people of judah.

Joshua 19:2 their possessions was : beerseba, seba, molada,

Joshua 19:3 hasar-sual, bala, esem,

Joshua 19:4 eltolad, betul, horma,

Joshua 19:5 siklag, beth-markabot, hasar-susa,

Joshua 19:6 beth-lebaot and saruhen : four people with their villages.

Joshua 19:7 ain, rimmon, eter, asan - four people with their villages.

Joshua 19:8 and all these towns from those towns from these towns to baalat-beor, at the negev. this was the erfdeel of the family of the sons of simeon, as their familes.

Joshua 19:9 for the possession of the descendants of the sons of simeon came from the possession of judah, because the part of the sons of judah was greater than they were. so the simeons possessed their possessions in their middle.

Joshua 19:10 the third lot came for the zebulons, as long as their familes, and the region of their possessions went to sarid.

Joshua 19:11 their region went to west and marala, gathered to dabbeseth, and went to the dal that is before jokneam.

Joshua 19:12 from sarid she returned from the east of bet-semes to the region of kislot-tabor, and departed to daberath and suffering to jafia.

Joshua 19:13 from there she went from the east to the east of gath-hefer, et-kazin, and passing through rimmon.

Joshua 19:14 then the region went to the norderside to hannaton and expletting the hair of jifta-el.

Joshua 19:15 tohath, nahalal, simron, jericho, bethmon,

Joshua 19:16 this is the erfdeel of the family of the sons of zebulun according to their familes.

Joshua 19:17 the fourth lot came out to issachar, for his familes.

Joshua 19:18 their region was : jizreel, kesullot, sunem,

Joshua 19:19 hapharaim, sion, anaharath,

Joshua 19:20 rabbit, kisjon, ebes,

Joshua 19:21 remet, en-gannim, en-hadda, and beth-passes.

Joshua 19:22 then the region went to tabor, salma, bethsemes, and it was outside of the jordan river.

Joshua 19:23 this is the inheritance of the family of the sons of issaschar, according to their familes.

Joshua 19:24 the fifth lot came for asser, for their familes.

Joshua 19:25 their region was : helkat, hali, beten, aksaf,

Joshua 19:26 alammelec, amad, misal. to the west of karmel, to the west side, and to sihor-libnat.

Joshua 19:27 then she turns to the east of the sun to beth-dagon and touching zebulun and the lust of ifthael, norderside, to bet-emek and neiel, and went to kabul in the nord.

Joshua 19:28 and ebron, rehob, hammon, kana, until sidon the great.

Joshua 19:29 then the region returned to rama, to the beast city of tyrus. then the grenze returned to hosa and continued to the sea from the region of achsib.

Joshua 19:30 umma, afek, rehob-kaksikymmentä.

Joshua 19:31 this is the erfdeel of the family of the sons of asser, according to their familes.

Joshua 19:32 the sixth lot came out to nafthali.

Joshua 19:33 their region came from heleph, from adananim, adami-nekeb, jabneel, and jabneel, to lakkum, and existing the jordan river.

Joshua 19:34 then the region returned to west to aznot-tabor, and departed from there to hukkok, and approaching zebulun on the west side, and from aser to west, and on the jordan river, on the east of the sun.

Joshua 19:35 the befested towns were : siddim, ser, hamath, rakkat, kinnereth,

Joshua 19:36 adama, rama, hazor,

Joshua 19:37 kedes, edrei, en-hazor,

Joshua 19:38 jearem, megna, jearim, betthemeth, and beth-semes.

Joshua 19:39 this is the erfdeel of the family of the sons of neftali.

Joshua 19:40 the seventh lot came out to dan sons, for their familes.

Joshua 19:41 the region of their regionity became : sora, estaol, ir-semes,

Joshua 19:42 shaalabbin, aialon, jitla,

Joshua 19:43 elon, timna, ekron,

Joshua 19:44 elteke, gibbeton, baalath,

Joshua 19:45 jehud, bene-berak, gath-rimmon,

Joshua 19:46 me-jarkon, jarkon and rakkon, the region apposite jafo.

Joshua 19:47 as they were divided, the people of judah went and attacked lachis and valloet it, and threw it by the sword of the sword and live in it. they called lasamim to live in elem and salamin. ( but the amorites refuked to live in elem and salamin.

Joshua 19:48 it is the territory of the descendants of the sons of dan, as their familles, their towns, and their villages. ( for the amoritans did not sorder the amorejes who were afflicted them on the mountain. but the amoritans did not sorder the amorejes to come down to the dal, but they destroyed from them the territory of their possessions.

Joshua 19:49 when they were divided the land according to their region, israel gave joshua, the son of nun, a possession among them.

Joshua 19:50 according to the commandment of the lord they gave him the city he asked, timnat-serah in the mountain of ephraim. he rebuilted the city and remained in it.

Joshua 19:51 these are the arders that the priest eleazar, joshua the son of nun, and the families of the families of the tribes of israel possessed in silo before the lord, at the door of the tent of samekt. so they divided the land.

Joshua 20:1 then the lord said to joshua,

Joshua 20:2 " tell the people of israel, " give the towns that i spoke to you through moses.

Joshua 20:3 to be afraid to the murderer who has killed a person by ignorance and by ignorance. he must be your town of prifution by the blood of blood from the blood of blood of blood.

Joshua 20:7 so they divided cades in galilee, in the mountain of nafthali, shekem in the mountain of ephraim, and kirjat-arba ( that is hebron ), on the mountain of judah.

Joshua 20:8 at the other side of the jordan river, in the other side of the jordan river, they gave possessions from the tribe of ruben, ramoth in gilead from the tribe of gad, and golan in basan from the tribe of manasseh.

Joshua 20:9 these were the towns restricted for all the people of israel and for the extranoN who lives among them, so that everyone who takes a person without intention would afflue there, so that he would not be killed by the hand of the blood of blood until he stood before the people for judgment.

Joshua 21:1 then the families of the familes of the levies came to the priest eleazar, joshua the son of nun, and to the families of the families of the tribe of the tribes of israel.

Joshua 21:2 they said to them in silo in the land of canaan, saying, " the lord proclaimed through moses to give us town to live with our lives for our sheep. "

Joshua 21:3 so the people of israel gave the cities of the people to the levits according to the order of the lord, the cities with their lives.

Joshua 21:4 the late came for the familes of kahathits. the sons of aaron, the priests, came from the tribe of judah, simeon, and from the tribe of benjamin.

Joshua 21:5 now the rest of the sons of kahath, from the tribe of ephraim, from the tribe of dan, and from the half tribe of the manassih.

Joshua 21:6 the sons of gerson came from the possessions of the tribe of issachar, of the tribe of asser, from the tribe of naphtali, and from the halve tribe of the manassih in basan.

Joshua 21:7 the sons of merari, according to their familes, came from the tribe of ruben, from the tribe of gad, and from the tribe of zebulun.

Joshua 21:8 so the people of israel gave the cities with their lives to the lévites, just as the lord had commanded through moses.

Joshua 21:9 and they gave the cities of the barns of the people of judah, the tribe of the sons of simeon, and from the tribe of the sons of benjamin.

Joshua 21:10 the sons of aaron, from the familes of the kahathits, of the sons of levi, because for them the sort came.

Joshua 21:11 they gave the country of arba, the fellow city of anac ( that is hebron ), on the mountain of judah, with his contaction around it,

Joshua 21:12 but the camp of the city and its villages had given to kaleb, the son of jefunne, as a possession.

Joshua 21:13 and to the sons of aaron they were given hebron, the city of refuper for the manderer, hebron and its weidns, libna and its weidns,

Joshua 21:14 jattir with its growns, esthemoa,

Joshua 21:15 holon with its libes, debir with its libes,

Joshua 21:16 ain and its growns, jutta and its groubs of them, bethsemes with its libes - nine from these two tribes.

Joshua 21:17 from the tribe of benjamin, gibeon with its loadings, gath-rimmon with its loadings,

Joshua 21:18 anathoth and almon and almon with its loadings - four cities.

Joshua 21:19 the cities of the sons of aaron, the priests, were twelve.

Joshua 21:20 the familations of the familes of the sons of kahath, the rest of the believers of the coath, the city of their region came from the tribe of ephraim.

Joshua 21:21 they gave to them the city of refug of homicier for manswer, and gezer with dess weidns,

Joshua 21:22 kibtsaim and bet-horon - four cities.

Joshua 21:23 from the tribe of dan, elteka, and gath-dor, in the tribe of dan,

Joshua 21:24 elon and gath-rimmon with its loadings : four cities.

Joshua 21:25 from the half tribe of manasseh, taanach with its libes, gath-rimmon with dess loadings : two cities.

Joshua 21:26 for all the lives of the familes of the sons of kahath were ten and their weighty for them.

Joshua 21:27 and to the sons of gerson, the family of the levits, were from the half tribe of manasseh, golan in basan and its sheep, and bosra and its weidns - two cities.

Joshua 21:28 from the tribe of issachar, kisjon with its libes, daberath and its libes,

Joshua 21:29 jarmoth and en-gannim. there were four cities.

Joshua 21:30 from the tribe of asser, misal with its libes, abdon with its libes,

Joshua 21:31 helkat and rehob with its libes - four cities.

Joshua 21:32 from the tribe of nafthali : cades in galilee and its weidns, hammoth and its weidns, and kartan with dess weidns, and kartan with dess weidns - three cities.

Joshua 21:33 the cities of the girshonians, according to their familes, was three and three.

Joshua 21:34 and to the familles of the sons of merari, the rest of the levits, were from the tribe of zebulun, jokneam with its lives, karta with its lives,

Joshua 21:35 dimna with its loaves, nahalal with its loaves : four people.

Joshua 21:36 and on the other side of the jordan river from jericho, from the tribe of ruben, beer in the wilderness of the homicier, with its lives, jazer with its lives,

Joshua 21:37 kedemoth and mephaat. there were four people.

Joshua 21:38 from the tribe of gad : ramoth in gilead and its lives, mahanaim with its lives,

Joshua 21:39 hesbon with its lives, jazer with its lives - four cities.

Joshua 21:40 all the cities of the descendants of merari, for their familles, the rest of the tribes of levi, were twelve towns.

Joshua 21:41 all the cities of the leavs in the middle of the people of israel were forty-eight people with their lives.

Joshua 21:42 all these towns - the town with the arrestside of the city. so joshua died the temple that he asked for thimnathi-serach. ( now the people of israel gave him the land that he asked for thimnathi-serach.

Joshua 21:43 so the lord gave all the land that he promised to give their ancestors. they possessed it and bowed in it.

Joshua 21:44 and the lord gave them rest alone, just as he swore to their ancestors. no one from all their enemies stood before them. god gave all their enemies in their hand.

Joshua 21:45 no one of all the good words that the lord had spoken to the house of israel. everything was done.

Joshua 22:1 then joshua called the rubenians, gad, and the half tribe of manasseh,

Joshua 22:2 and said to them, " you have obeyed everything that moses the servant of the lord commanded you, and you have obeyed my voice in everything i commanded you.

Joshua 22:3 you have not abandoned your brothers for many days until this day, but you have obeyed the commandment of the lord your god.

Joshua 22:4 now now the lord your god has given rest to our brothers, just as he had promised to them. then return and go to your homes, to your possessing land that moses the servant of the lord gave you on the other side of the jordan river.

Joshua 22:5 but you must obey the commandments and the law that moses the servant of the lord has commanded you to love the lord your god, go in all his wells, obey his commandments, clothing to him and serve him with all your mind and with all your soul. "

Joshua 22:6 then joshua blessed them and sent them away, and they went to their homes.

Joshua 22:7 now moses gave possession of the halve tribe of manasseh in basan, but to the other halve, joshua gave it with his brothers from the other side of the jordan river. when joshua sent them to their homes, he blessed them.

Joshua 22:8 and said to them, " go to your homes, with great beast of beast, silver, gold, iron, and clothing. take the plan of their enemies with their brothers. "

Joshua 22:9 so the people of ruben, gad, and the half of the tribe of manasseh went away from the israelites from silo in the land of canaan to go to the land of gilead, to the land of their possession that they had given according to the order of the lord through moses.

Joshua 22:10 when the rubenites, gad, the half tribe of manasseh, came to the region of the jordan river that is in the land of canaan, they bought a altar on the side of the jordan river, a great altar to see.

Joshua 22:11 when the people of israel heard saying, " look, the people of ruben, gad, and the halve tribe of the manassih have built a altar on the region of the land of canaan, at the region of the jordan river along the israelites. "

Joshua 22:12 so all the people of israel assembled together in silo to get against them.

Joshua 22:13 so the people of israel sent phinehas the son of eleazar the high priest to the rubenites, gad, and the half tribe of manasseh in gilead, phinehas son of eleazar the high priest,

Joshua 22:14 there was one ruling officer with him, a ruling officer from every tribe of israel. they were a families of his families, the commanding officers of israel.

Joshua 22:15 so they came to the people of ruben, gad, and the half tribe of manasseh in the land of gilead, they spoke to them :

Joshua 22:16 " so the whole group of the lord says, " what is this transgression that you have rebelled against the god of israel to turn away from the lord, building a altar for yourselves and rebelled yourselves against the lord ?

Joshua 22:17 is it much for us the sin of peor, from whom we have not been revealed until this day, and there has a plage in the group of the lord ?

Joshua 22:18 and you will turn back from the lord ? if you rebells against the lord, tomorrow he will remove against the whole israel of israel.

Joshua 22:19 but if the land of your possession is a little, come to the land of the lord where the tabernacle of the lord lives, and possess it among us. but do not rebell against the lord or rebell yourselves to build a altar outside the altar of the lord our god.

Joshua 22:20 was not acan, the son of zerah, transgressed to what is offered, and the anger came against the whole israelition ? but this man was not only died because of his own sin. "

Joshua 22:21 then the people of ruben, gad, and the half of the tribe of manasseh answered the commanding officers of israel,

Joshua 22:22 the god of the god, the lord, the god of the god, the lord, he knows, and israel will know if by rebellion we have transgressed against the lord, do not save us in this way.

Joshua 22:23 if we have built a altar to depart from the lord and offer on it a sacrifice of sacrifice or sacrifices or sacrifices of dants, then may the lord require it.

Joshua 22:24 but we have done this because of reverence, saying, ' tomorrow your children should say to our children, ' what do you have with the lord god of israel ? '

Joshua 22:25 the lord has put the jordan river among us and you, gad and gad, gad. you have no part in the lord ! ' so your sons will reject our sons not to fear the lord.

Joshua 22:26 so we said, ' make this altar, not for holocausts or sacrifices,

Joshua 22:27 but it may be a witness among us and you and our descendants after us to serve the temple of the lord before him with our sacrifices, our sacrifices, our sacrifices and our salvation, so that your children should tomorrow say to our children, ' you have no part in the lord. '

Joshua 22:28 then we said, ' if they speak to us or our descendants tomorrow, we will say, ' see the image of the altar of the lord that our ancestors have made, not for holocausts or sacrifices, but for a testimony among us and you. '

Joshua 22:29 let us not remain our rebellion against the lord and rebelle our rebellion against the lord and rebuild a altar for offering sacrifices, sacrifices, sacrifices, and sacrifices, except the altar of the lord our god, which is before his tabernacle. "

Joshua 22:30 when phinehas the priest, the rulers of the ruling council, and the rulers of the group of israel who were with him, heard the words that the rubenians, the gadites, and the manassies said, they were pleasing.

Joshua 22:31 then phinehas the son of the son of phineah the priest, the priest, said to the rubens, gad, and manassees, " today we know that the lord is with us, because you have not committed transgression against the lord, because you have saved the people of israel from the hand of the lord. "

Joshua 22:32 then phinehas the priest, the son of phineah, and the rulers returned from the people of ruben, gad, and manasseh, from the country of gilead, returned to the people of canaan to the israelites.

Joshua 22:33 the people of israel pleased and spoke to the israelites. so the israelites praised god and did not mere ascend against them in battle, to destroy the land where the people of ruben and gad loved there.

Joshua 22:34 the people of ruben and the gadits called the altar, because they said, " he is a witness among us that the lord is god. "

Joshua 23:1 after many days, after the lord had given israel rest from all their enemies around all there, and jesus was old and all long days,

Joshua 23:2 then josua called all the israelites, his elders, their rulers, their experts in the law, and said to them, " i have become

Joshua 23:3 you have seen what the lord your god has done to all these nations before you, because the lord your god has bathered against you.

Joshua 23:4 look, i have rejected these nations that have remained to you in possession for your tribes from the jordan river, all the nations i have taken out, from the jordan river until the great sea, on the west of the sun.

Joshua 23:5 now the lord your god will drive them out before you and will drive them out of your presence, and you will possesse their land, just as the lord your god has spoken to you.

Joshua 23:6 therefore be greatly strengthened to obey and to do everything written in the book of the law of moses, so that you may not deceive back or right or left.

Joshua 23:7 so that you may not enter these nations who are remained, and do not name the names of their gods and do not worship them or worship them,

Joshua 23:8 but refuke to the lord your god just as you have done until this day.

Joshua 23:9 and the lord has driven great and great nations before you, and nothing stood before you until this day.

Joshua 23:10 a one of you persecuted tauty, because the lord your god belongs to you, just as he promised you.

Joshua 23:11 therefore guard yourselves to love the lord your god.

Joshua 23:12 for if you turn back to the rest of these nations who are among you, and share with them and contempt with them, and they are with you,

Joshua 23:13 then know that the lord your god will never drive these nations before you, but they will become a strick and a strick for you, a stone on your sicks and stones in your eyes until you have died from this good land that the lord your god has given you.

Joshua 23:14 " look, i am going to the way like all the people of the earth. and you know with all your heart and all your soul that no one of all the words that the lord your god has spoken to you. everything has happened to you, no one has left.

Joshua 23:15 but just as all the good things the lord your god has spoken to you, so the lord will bring all the evil things to you until he has separed you from this good land that the lord your god has given you.

Joshua 23:16 when you transgress the covenant of the lord your god, which he commanded you, and go and worship others and worship them,

Joshua 24:1 then joshua gathered all the tribes of israel in silo, and called the elders of israel, his experts in the law, and his officiers, and they stood before god.

Joshua 24:2 then joshua said to the whole people, " so the lord god of israel says, ' from the beginning your ancestors bowed in the other side of the river, and they served others.

Joshua 24:3 then i received your father abraham from the other side of the river and lead him throughout the region of canaan. i multiplied his descendants and gave him isaac.

Joshua 24:4 to isaac i gave jacob and esau. i gave to esau the mountain of seir to possession. but jacob and his sons went down to egypt.

Joshua 24:5 then i looked and aaron and aaron, and i struck egypt with what i did with them, and after this i brought you out.

Joshua 24:6 then i brought your ancestors out of egypt, and when you came to the sea, the egyptians persecuted your ancestors with wags and loiter until the red sea.

Joshua 24:7 when they cried to the lord, he gave a cloud among you and the egyptians and brought the sea over them and revealed them. your eyes saw what i had done in egypt. so you stayed in the wilderness for many days.

Joshua 24:8 then i brought you to the land of the amoreens who live on the other side of the jordan river. they attacked against you, but i gave them in your hand, and you possessed their land, and i destroyed them from your presence.

Joshua 24:9 then balak the son of zippor, the king of moab, stood and streyed against israel. he sent and called balaam, the son of zippor, to praise you.

Joshua 24:10 but i did not listen to balaam, but he blessed you, and i saved you from his hand.

Joshua 24:11 when you went over the jordan river and came to jericho, the inhabitants of jericho, the amoriens, the perizzians, the cananes, the hetians, the girgasenes, the hevies, and the jebusees. but i gave them in your hand.

Joshua 24:12 so i sent spelonches before you, and they eched them out before you, the twelve kings of the amoreens, not by your sword or by your bound.

Joshua 24:13 and i gave you a land where you did not work, and towns that you did not build, but you live in them. you eat the vineyard and olives that you did not plant. ' "

Joshua 24:14 now now fear the lord and serve him with right and right. take away the gods who your ancestors have served at the other side of the river and in egypt, and serve the lord.

Joshua 24:15 but if it is not pleasing to serve the lord, remove yourselves to whom you will serve, whether to the gode your ancestors had given in the other side of the river or to the dieux of the amoreens where you live in their land. but i and my house we will serve the lord. "

Joshua 24:16 the people answered, " let us not forgive the lord to serve others.

Joshua 24:17 for the lord our god, who brought us and our ancestors out of the land of the land of egypt, and who guarded us in the way where we were going, and among all the nations that we passed through them.

Joshua 24:18 and the lord has drived out from our presence all the nations and the amoreens who live in the land. we also will serve the lord, for he is our god. "

Joshua 24:19 then joshua said to the people, " you cannot serve the lord, for he is a holy god. he is a jealous god. he will not forgive your sins and sins.

Joshua 24:20 if you leave the lord and servant others, he will come down and destroy you and destroy you because he has done you good.

Joshua 24:21 but the people said to joshua, " no, we will serve the lord. "

Joshua 24:22 so joshua said to the people, " you are witnesses against you, that you have escolled the lord to serve him. "

Joshua 24:23 so then, reject the others gods who are among you, and remove your heart to the lord, god of israel. "

Joshua 24:24 the people said to josua, " our lord, our lord, we will serve and listen to his voice. "

Joshua 24:25 so joshua made a covenant with the people on that day and gave them instructions and judgments in sichem.

Joshua 24:26 then joshua wrote these words in the scroll of the law of god. then he took a great stone and stateved it under the terpent that was before the temple of the lord.

Joshua 24:27 then joshua said to the people, " look, this stone will be a witness against us, for he has heard all the things that the lord has spoken to us. he will be a witness against you, so that you will not lie your god. "

Joshua 24:28 then joshua sent the people, each one to his home.

Joshua 24:29 after these divisions, joshua, the son of nun, the servant of the lord, died for 110 years.

Joshua 24:30 there the people were buried and buried him at the territory of his loth in timna-sarai in the mountain of ephraim, at the norderside of the mountain. there they entered the tomb where they had buried the israelites in gilgal when he led them out of the land of egypt, as the lord had instructed them out of the land of egypt, as the lord had been instructed to them.

Joshua 24:31 as long as joshua leved, israel was served to the lord all the time of joshua and in all the time of the elders who had accompanied jesus and who had seen all the deeds of the lord that he had done for israel.

Joshua 24:32 and the bears of joseph that the sons of israel had brought out of egypt, they based in sichem at the stup of the field that jacob had eaten for the sons of the son of abraham, the son of shekem, for a hundred silver coins, and the possessions of joseph became his possessions.

Joshua 24:33 after these things the high priest eleazar died and were buried at pisath phinees, his son, which he had given in the mountain of ephraim, which he had given in the mountain of ephraim, which he had given in the mountain of ephraim.

Judges 1:1 after joshua had been killed, the people of israel asked the lord, " who of us first will first go up against the cananes to combation against them ? "

Judges 1:2 then the lord said, " judah will ascend, look, i have given the earth in his hand. "

Judges 1:3 then judah said to his brother simeon, " come with me in my possession, and let us strike against the cananes, and i too will go with you in your possession. " so simeon went with him.

Judges 1:4 then judah went up, and the lord gave the cananes and the perizzians in his hand, and they struck to bezek, ten thousand people.

Judges 1:5 they found adoni-bezek in bezek and attacked against him and struck the cananeens and the perizzians.

Judges 1:6 adoni-bezek flow, but they followed him, and they took him and cut off his hands and feet.

Judges 1:7 then adoni-besek said, " seventy-two kings with off their hands and feet gathered under my table. just as i have done god has repay me. " so they brought him to jerusalem, where he died.

Judges 1:8 so the people of judah attacked jerusalem and valloet it, and they killed it by the sword of the sword, and swallowed the city in fire.

Judges 1:9 after this the people of judah went down to combation against the cananeo who lived in the mountain, on the negev and the laeving region.

Judges 1:10 then judah went to the cananes who lived in hebron ( ( the name of hebron was first kirjat-arba ) and sconght sesai, ahiman, and talmai.

Judges 1:11 so they went away to the people of debir ( ( debir ' s name was before kirjat-sefer ).

Judges 1:12 then caleb said, " whoever struck kiriat-sefer and inquits it i will give my daughter acsa for a wife. "

Judges 1:13 otniel, the son of kenaz, the younger brother of kaleb, took her in possession. he gave him his daughter achsa as a wife.

Judges 1:14 when her woman went back, she permitted her to ask her father the field, and she was murmured from the eselin. then caleb said to her, " what do you want ? "

Judges 1:15 she said to him, " give me a blessing, because you have given me in the region of the negev, give me waters of water. " so caleb gave her the wilderness and the pights of the poor.

Judges 1:16 now the sons of the keneo, moses ' wife, went up from the palma town with the people of judah in the wilderness of judah, who is in the negev of arad. they went and assit with the people.

Judges 1:17 so judah went with his brother simeon, and they struck the cananes who lived in sephath. they destroyed it and called the city horma.

Judges 1:18 ( now judah did not take possession of gaza with its territory, ascalon with its territory, ekron with its regions, and asdod with its lives.

Judges 1:19 now the lord was with judah, and they possessed the mountain, but they were not able to inherit those who live in the dal because they had roubles.

Judges 1:20 and they gave hebron to kaleb, just as moses had spoken. then he divided the three sons of anac from there.

Judges 1:21 but the people of benjamin did not destroy the jebuseus who live in jerusalem, but the jebuseans live with the benjaminites in jerusalem until this day.

Judges 1:22 so the people of joseph also went up to bethel, and the lord was with them.

Judges 1:23 so the people of israel actoved betel ( for the city was first the name of luz ).

Judges 1:24 the guards saw a man coming out of the city, and they said to him, " show us the way to the city, and we will show mercy to you. "

Judges 1:25 he showed them the way to the city, and they destroyed the city with the sword of the sword, but they sent the man and his entire family.

Judges 1:26 so the man went to the land of the hetians and bought a city, and he called luz. it is its name to this day.

Judges 1:27 manasseh did not take possessions of bethsean with its doubles, or the inhabitants of dor with its villages, the inhabitants of dor and its soaleds, and the inhabitants of megiddo and its soaleds, and the inhabitants of megiddo and its soaleds, and the kanaans began to live in this land.

Judges 1:28 but when israel was strengthened, he made the cananes to worship, but they released them not away.

Judges 1:29 efraim did not drive the cananeens who lived in gezer, but the cananes live among them in gezer.

Judges 1:30 zebulon did not drive the inhabitants of kitron or the inhabitants of nahalol, but the cananeans habited among them and became charge.

Judges 1:31 asier did not destroy the inhabitants of ackho, nor the inhabitants of sidon, and the inhabitants of ahlab, achsib, helba, afek, and rehob.

Judges 1:32 but the aherites bowed in the middle of the cananeens who lived in the land, because they would not drive them away.

Judges 1:33 neftali did not drive the inhabitants of bet-semes, or the inhabitants of bet-anatath, but bowed in the middle of the cananeens who live in the land. but the inhabitants of bethsemes and bet-anath became their tributters.

Judges 1:34 the amoritans tried the sons of dan into the mountain, because they would not permit them to come down into the dal.

Judges 1:35 the amoritans began to live on the mountain of heres, in ajalon and saalbim. but the hand of the house of joseph became strong on the amoritans, and they became slaves.

Judges 1:36 the region of the amoritans was from the east of acraim, from the rock and on the other.

Judges 2:1 then the angel of the lord went up from gilgal to bochim and said, " i brought you out of egypt and brought you into the land that i swore to your ancestors to give you. i said, ' i will never destroy my covenant with you.

Judges 2:2 you must not make a covenant with the inhabitants of this land, but burn their altars. ' but you did not obey my voice. what did you have done ?

Judges 2:3 so i also say, ' i will not drive them out of your presence, but they will become your arms, and their gods will become a stumbling block for you. ' "

Judges 2:4 when the angel of the lord spoke these words to all the people of israel, the people raised their voice and weeped.

Judges 2:5 so they called that place bochim, and they offered there for the lord.

Judges 2:6 when joshua sent the people, the people went away, each of the people, to his own possession, to inherit the land.

Judges 2:7 so the people served to the lord all the time of joshua and in all the time of the elders who lived many days after joshua and who had seen all the great deeds of the lord that he had done for israel.

Judges 2:8 now joshua, the son of nun, the slave of the lord, died for 110 years.

Judges 2:9 they buried him in the region of his possession in thimnath-heres in the mountain of ephraim, on the norderside of the mountain gaas.

Judges 2:10 then all that generation was revealed to their ancestors, and another generation after them stood up, who did not know the lord and the works he had done for israel.

Judges 2:11 then the people of israel did what was evil in the eyes of the lord and served the baals.

Judges 2:12 they forgave the lord, the god of their ancestors, who had led them out of the land of egypt, and followed others, among the dites of the people around them, and worshiped them and provoked the lord to anger.

Judges 2:13 they departed the lord and served baal and astarteot.

Judges 2:14 then the anger of the lord flamed against israel, and he gave them in the hand of builders who arrested them, and he vended them in the hand of their enemies around all among them, and they were not able to stand before their enemies.

Judges 2:15 whenever they were sexual immorality, the hand of the lord was against them to evil, just as the lord had spoken.

Judges 2:16 so the lord raised them judges who saved them from the hand of those who killed them.

Judges 2:17 yet they did not listen to their judgers, but committed sexual immorality after others and worshiped them. quicge they turned from the way that their ancestors had followed, obeying the commandments of the lord, but they did not do so.

Judges 2:18 now when the lord raised them judges, the lord was with the judge and saved them from their enemies all the time of the judge, because the lord were consoled because of their suffering because of those who suffered them and afflicted them.

Judges 2:19 but when the judge died, they returned again and were greater than their ancestors, following others god, servaning them, and worshiped them. they did not reject their deeds or from their hard way.

Judges 2:20 then the anger of the lord flamed against israel and he said, " because this nation has destroyed my covenant that i commanded their ancestors, and did not obey my voice,

Judges 2:21 so i will not drive away a man from their presence of the nations that joshua left when he died.

Judges 2:22 so i will test israel by them, whether they will obey the way of the lord to follow it, just as their ancestors obeyed, or not. "

Judges 2:23 so the lord left these nations, so that he would not drive them away. he did not give them in the hand of joshua.

Judges 3:1 these are the nations that the lord left so to test israel through them, all those who did not know the stricts of canaan.

Judges 3:2 this is not for the generation of the generations of the people of israel to teach them, except those who had not known it.

Judges 3:3 the five rulers of the philistian, all the cananes, sidon, and heveans who live on the mountain from the mountain baal-hermon until hamath.

Judges 3:4 so they came to test israel through them to know if they would listen to the commandments of the lord, which he commanded their ancestors through moses.

Judges 3:5 so the israelites bowed in the middle of the cananeans, the hetians, the amoreens, the perizzians, the hevies, and the jebusees.

Judges 3:6 they took their daughters for them as wives and gave their daughters to their sons, and served their gods.

Judges 3:7 the people of israel did what was evil in the presence of the lord, ungetting the lord their god, and served the baals and the asherah.

Judges 3:8 then the anger of the lord flamed against israel, and he vended them in the hand of kuusan-risataim, king of mesopotamia, and they served him for eight years.

Judges 3:9 but when the israelites cried to the lord, he raised up a savior to the people of israel who saved them, othniel son of kenaz, his younger brother of kaleb.

Judges 3:10 the spirit of the lord came on him, and he was judged of israel. he went out to the battle, and the lord gave him in his hand the king of syria kuusan-risataim.

Judges 3:11 so the land required for fifty years, and otniel, the son of kenez, died.

Judges 3:12 but the sons of israel continued to do what is evil in the eyes of the lord, and the lord strengthened eglon the king of moab against israel because they did what was evil in the eyes of the lord.

Judges 3:13 so david gathered the people of ammon and amalek, and he went and struck israel, and they possessed the palm city.

Judges 3:14 so the people of israel servimed eglon, the king of moab, for eighten years.

Judges 3:15 but when the israelites cried to the lord, he raised them a savior, ehud, the son of gera, a benjaminita. so the israelites sent a gift to eglon the king of moab.

Judges 3:16 ehud made for himself a double-edged sword, a year of length. he put it under his clothing on his right heup.

Judges 3:17 so he brought the offering to eglon, the king of moab, but eglon was a suffering man.

Judges 3:18 when ehud had finished the gift, he sent out those who had brought the gift.

Judges 3:19 but he returned from the idols that lived in gilgal, and said, " i have a secret message to you, o king ! " he replied, " let out ! " so all who stood ahead of him went out of him.

Judges 3:20 so ehud came to him, while he was sitting in his old room alone. ehud replied, " i have a message from god to you. " then ehud stood up from his throne.

Judges 3:21 then ehud extended his left hand and took the sword from his right heup and struck it into his womb.

Judges 3:22 the flock also came back after the flock, and the seed seized the cross, because he did not take the sword out of his mouth.

Judges 3:23 then ehud went out to the portice, threw the door of the call over him and stapped them.

Judges 3:24 when he had gone out, the servants of john came and saw that the door of the officers were cerring, they said, " he is still seated in the clock of the cammer. "

Judges 3:25 they continued to shame, but when he was not opening the door of the office, they took the scroll and opened it, and look, their master fell on the ground dead.

Judges 3:26 but while they were taken together, ehud was saved. he went through the idols and saved to seïra.

Judges 3:27 now when he came, he bound the trumpet in the mountain of ephraim, and the israelites went down with him in the mountain, and he stood down before them.

Judges 3:28 he said to them, " follow me, for the lord has given your enemies, the moabites, in your hand. " so they went down after him, and received the passions of the jordan river against moab and would not permit anyone to pass.

Judges 3:29 in that time they threw about ten thousand of moab, all held and strict, and no one was saved.

Judges 3:30 so in that day moab was seized under the hand of israel, and the land was required for eighty years.

Judges 3:31 after him was samgar, the son of anatath. he struck two hundred men of the philistins with a kalf of oxes. too he also saved israel.

Judges 4:1 now the people of israel continued to do what was evil in the eyes of the lord.

Judges 4:2 so the lord vened them in the hand of jabin, king of canaan, who reigned in hazor. his lame ' s lame was sisera, who lived in haroset-gojim.

Judges 4:3 for the people of israel cried to the lord, because he had nive hundred iron wags, and he greatly afflicted the people of israel for three years.

Judges 4:4 in that time debora, a prophetess, a wife of lappidoth, was judge in that time.

Judges 4:5 she was seated under the palma of debora, among rama and bethel, in the mountain of ephraim, and the israelites went up to her to judge.

Judges 4:6 she sent and called barak the son of abinoam from kedes neftali and said to him, " did the lord god of israel command you, ' go and go to the mountain tabor, and take up ten thousand people from the sons of nafttali and the sons of zebulun ?

Judges 4:7 then i will bring sisera, the commanding officer of jabin, with his waves, and his large group, and i will give him in your hand. "

Judges 4:8 barak said to her, " if you go with me, i will go. but if you do not go with me, i will never go. "

Judges 4:9 debora replied, " i will go with you, but your encouragement will not be in the way you are going, because the lord will give sisera in the hand of a woman. " so debora stood up and went with barak to kedes.

Judges 4:10 then barak called the zebulon and the neftali to kedes, and ten thousand people went up with him, and debora went up with him.

Judges 4:11 now the kenita heber was satisfied from the people of hobab, moses ' daughter, and he revealed his tabernacle to the terebinthe sea that is by kedes.

Judges 4:12 when they heard that barak, the son of abinoam, had ascended on the mountain tabor.

Judges 4:13 so sisera called all his wagns, nive hundred iron wags and all the people who were with him, from haroset-gojim to the torrent kison.

Judges 4:14 then debora said to barak, " get up, for this is the day when the lord has given sisera in your hand. the lord is not going before you ? " so barak went down from the mountain tabor, and other thousand people followed him.

Judges 4:15 so the lord seized sisera and all his waves and all his lame before barak. sisera went down from his wadow and flowed off his feet.

Judges 4:16 but barak persecuted the wags and the lame until haroset-gojim. the whole lame of sisera fell by the sword of the sword, and no one remained.

Judges 4:17 but sisera went off for his feet to the tent of jael the wife of heber the keneo, because there was peace among jabin, king of hazor, and the house of heber the keneo.

Judges 4:18 jael went out to meet sisera and said to him, " come out, my lord, come up to me, do not be afraid ! " so she went back to her into the tent, and she opened him with her ross.

Judges 4:19 so sisera said to her, " give me a little water for drink, for i am thirsty. " so she opened the milk of milk and gave him to drink, and opened his face.

Judges 4:20 he said to her, " stand at the door of the tent, and if someone comes and ask you, ' is there anyone ? ' you will say, ' there is not ! ' "

Judges 4:21 then jael the wife of heber took the scroll of the tabernacle and placed the sick in her hand, and immediately came to him and gathered the scroll in his stone, so that it died to the earth. for she was difficulted, and he died.

Judges 4:22 now when barak persecuted sisera, jael went out to meet him and said to him, " come, i will show you the man you look for him. " so when sisera entered her, siseras was dead and the staff was in his scroll.

Judges 4:23 so god humble jabin, the king of canaan, in the presence of the people of israel.

Judges 4:24 so the hand of the people of israel became hard against jabin, king of canaan, until they destroyed jabin, king of canaan.

Judges 5:1 in that day debora and barak, the son of abinoam, said,

Judges 5:2 when rulers began to begin in israel, people were proclaimed, praise the lord !

Judges 5:3 listen, men, listen, rulers ! i will praise to the lord, i will praise the god of israel.

Judges 5:4 when you went out of seir, when you went away from the country of edom, the earth trembled, the heavens were distressed, and the clouds bread water.

Judges 5:5 the mounts were divided from the presence of the lord, sinai from the presence of the lord god of israel.

Judges 5:6 in the days of samgar, the son of anath, in the days of jael, the kings destroyed, and the pates went on perverse way.

Judges 5:7 there were fearing in israel, they were destroyed, until i stood up, debora, that mother was raised in israel.

Judges 5:8 they were proclaimed for new gods, like orden bread, if i saw a spille with fifty thousand.

Judges 5:9 my heart is against the rulers of israel, the rulers of the people. praise the lord !

Judges 5:10 they seated on a eselin, seated on the lamps.

Judges 5:11 the sound of the wearing among the wear, there they will give the righteousness of the lord, the righteous people of the power of israel. then the people of the lord went down to his towns.

Judges 5:12 get up, get up, debora ! get up, stand up, speak with a joy ! stand up, barak, and bring your captives captives, son of abinoam !

Judges 5:13 when the lame of israel was great, the lord encouraged me those more powerful than i am.

Judges 5:14 from the people of ephraim they gathered in the region of amalek ; among you, benjamin, among your peoples. from machir the magistrates came down, and from zebulun the commanding officers came from zebulun.

Judges 5:15 and the people of issaschar were with debora, and issachar was with debora, and issachar was with debora. in the dividents of ruben there were great locutions of the heart.

Judges 5:16 why were you seated among the greaters, to hear the gifts of the group ? to the descendants of ruben were great scriction of hearing.

Judges 5:17 gilead was in the other side of the jordan, but why was dan divided with the boats ? aser was asleep on the strand of the sea, and stayed on his streets.

Judges 5:18 zebulon is a people who hated his life into death, and the nephtalim on the heavens of the field.

Judges 5:19 the kings came and attacted, then the kings of canaan walked in taanach, at the waters of megiddo, but they did not receive food of silver.

Judges 5:20 from heaven the stars attacted, the stars from their place streyed against sisera.

Judges 5:21 the flood of kison cut them out, the flour kedumim, the river of kison. " my spirit, be able to suffer !

Judges 5:22 then the cloaks of the hors were carring, carring of his help.

Judges 5:23 " praise meroz, " says the angel of the lord, praise the inhabitants of it, because they did not come to the help of the lord, to help the lord among held.

Judges 5:24 let jael, the woman of heber the keneo, must be blessed by the women in the tent.

Judges 5:25 he asked a water, he gave him whill, in a powerful bacal he brought witnesses.

Judges 5:26 she extended her left to his right hand, and her right hand to the master of the murderers. she struck sisera, broke his head, broke it and stapped him.

Judges 5:27 she fell to her feet, he fell down, fell among her feet, where she fell. there he fell, a destroyed fell to her feet.

Judges 5:28 for the venster, siseras ' s mother, looked at the venster, and said, ' why have his wadow come ? why are his wags passed ? "

Judges 5:29 the experts of her fellow people replied to her, yet she replied for her words :

Judges 5:30 they will divorce the build, divided his friend for the head of the held, the builds of sisera, various builds for his hals.

Judges 5:31 so all your enemies, lord, will fall away. but those who love him must be like the sun when the sun brings in his power. " so the land required for firty years.

Judges 6:1 so the people of israel did what was evil in the eyes of the lord, and the lord gave them in the hand of the midians seven years.

Judges 6:2 the hand of midian became strengthened against israel, and the people believed for themselves because of the midian people, the laves in the mountains, the spelonks, and the prisoners.

Judges 6:3 now when israel had seed, the midian, the amalec, and the people of the east came up against them.

Judges 6:4 they leading their camp against them and destroyed the produce of the earth to the way to gaza. they did not reject life in israel, nor sheep, or oil or oil.

Judges 6:5 for they went up with their feet and their tents and came like locusts like locusts. they and their camels were not number. they came to the land to destroy it.

Judges 6:6 so israel was greatly distressed because of the midian, and the israelites cried to the lord.

Judges 6:7 when the israelites cried to the lord because of midian,

Judges 6:8 then the lord sent a prophet to the israelites, who said to them, " so says the lord, the god of israel, ' i brought you out of egypt and led you out of the slave.

Judges 6:9 i saved you out of the hand of the egyptians and from the hand of all your enemies. i drived them out of your presence, and i gave you their land.

Judges 6:10 i told you, " i am the lord your god. do not be afraid of the gods of the amoreens in whom you live in their land. but you did not obey my voice. "

Judges 6:11 then the angel of the lord came and sat down by the terêt that was in ofra, that is of joash the abiezrite. his son gideon was carriing the wheat in the winepress to destroy them from the madianitians.

Judges 6:12 the angel of the lord appeared to him and said to him, " the lord is with you, lame of power ! "

Judges 6:13 then gideon said to him, " lord, if the lord is with us, why then has all this happened over us ? where are all his wonders that our ancestors have proclaimed for us, saying, ' has the lord not led us out of egypt ? ' but now the lord has rejected us and gave us into the hand of midian. "

Judges 6:14 the angel of the lord looked to him and said, " go with this power and save the people of israel. is not i sent you ? "

Judges 6:15 but he said to him, " lord, how can i save israel ? my tribe is the minor in manasseh, and i am the little in my father ' s house. "

Judges 6:16 the lord said to him, " i will be with you, and you will strike the madianites like one man. "

Judges 6:17 gideon said to him, " if i have found grace in your eyes, then show me a sign that you speak with me.

Judges 6:18 do not get away from here until i come back to you and bring my sacrifice and put it before you. " he replied, " i will remain until you return. "

Judges 6:19 gideon went and prepared a kec and unleavened unleavened bread, a efa fish of fish. he put the flesh in a korb and poured the scroll into a stone and brought it to him under the terebinthe and worshiped it.

Judges 6:20 but the angel of god said to him, " take the flesh and the unleavened bread and put it on that rock, and throw the sword out. " so he did.

Judges 6:21 then the angel of the lord extended the finger of the staff he had in his hand and touched the flesh and the unleavened bread. then fire came up from the rock and devoured the flesh and the unleavened bread. then the angel of the lord went away from his eyes.

Judges 6:22 when gideon saw that it was the angel of the lord, he said, " ah, lord, lord, for i have seen the angel of the lord face to face ! "

Judges 6:23 but the lord said to him, " peace to you ! do not be afraid, you will not die. "

Judges 6:24 then gideon bowed a altar there and called it " the lord is peace ". he is still in ofra of the abiezer.

Judges 6:25 at that night the lord said to him, " take the beast of your father, the seven years of the seven years, and destroy the altar of baal that is for your father, and cut off the ashera-bild stone that is along.

Judges 6:26 then rebuild a altar to the lord your god on the top of this royal mountain, and take the beast and offer it as a holocauw with the trees of the asherah that you will cut down. "

Judges 6:27 then gideon took three men from his servants and did what the lord had said to him. but when he feared his father ' s house and the people of the city, he did it in the night.

Judges 6:28 when the people of the city rose on the morning, they saw that the altar of baal was destroyed, the ashera-bild stone that was on it had been taken off, and the second beast was offered on the altar that was built.

Judges 6:29 then they said to each other, " who has done this ? " so they began to interrogate and proclaimed. then they said, " gideon the son of joas has done this. "

Judges 6:30 then the people of the city said to joas, " bring your son out, he will be dead, because he has destroyed the altar of baal and cut down the asherah that is on it. "

Judges 6:31 but joash said to those who stood against him, " are you now conquering baal ? will you save him ? if he refuses for him, he must be put to death to the morning. if he is god, he must punish himself because he has destroyed his altar. "

Judges 6:32 and he called him at that day, " baal, " for he destroyed his altar. "

Judges 6:33 then all the midian, the amalekians, and the people of the east assembled together, passed through them and taborced in the vald of jizreel.

Judges 6:34 then the spirit of the lord was insisted on gideon. he bow the trumpet, and the abiezer shouted out to follow him.

Judges 6:35 then he sent angels in all the manasseh, and they also began to follow him. he sent messengers to asser, zebulon, and neftali, and they went out to meet him.

Judges 6:36 then gideon said to god, " if you save israel by my hand, just as you have spoken,

Judges 6:37 look, i will put the wool of wol in the dresser. if only tau comes on the batch only and the whole earth will be torned, then i will know that you will save israel by my hand, as you have spoken. "

Judges 6:38 and it was so. when he got up the next day, he struck off the flock and broke the daug from the back, full the roal of water.

Judges 6:39 then gideon said to god, " let your anger be enough against me, so i will speak for one time. now i will test my test again with the fever. let the women only become drow, but the daugh must become dug on the earth. "

Judges 6:40 god did so at that night : there was toward the bad only, but there was daugh on the whole earth.

Judges 7:1 then jerubbaal ( it is gideon ) and all the people who were with him rushed early up the morning harod. the camp of the middians was from the norderside from the houth more, in the vall.

Judges 7:2 but the lord said to gideon, " the people who are with you are great ; i will give the midian in their hands, so that israel would not boast about me and say, ' my hand has saved me ! '

Judges 7:3 now proclaim the people and say, ' whoever is terrified and fear must return and go away from the mountain of gilead. " then twenty-two thousand were left from the people, and one thousand left.

Judges 7:4 then the lord said to gideon, " there is still a number of people. bring them down into the water, where i will test them to you. the one i say to you, ' this must go with you ', the one must go with you, ' he must go with you ', the one must not go with you. "

Judges 7:5 so he went down the people into the water. then the lord said to gideon, " everyone who lack water with his tongue as the hond lack, hold it alone, and everyone who heads down his kneels to drink. "

Judges 7:6 the number of those who lack the water with their tongue were three hundred man. all the rest of the people fell down with their kneels to drink water.

Judges 7:7 then the lord said to gideon, " by those two hundred men who lack the water i will save you and give the midian in your hand. all the people must go, each one to his place. "

Judges 7:8 so they took the food of the people in their hand and their trumpens, and he sent all the men of israel, each to his home, and repared the two hundred men. the camp of the midjanites was along him in the vald.

Judges 7:9 in that night the lord said to him, " get up and go down into the camp, for i have given it into your hand.

Judges 7:10 but if you fear to go down, come down with phara your servant into the camp

Judges 7:11 and listen what they say. then your hands will be strengthened and you will go down into the lead. " so he went down with phara his servant to the other side of the leaders of the leaders of the camp.

Judges 7:12 the midian, the amalekians, and all the people of the east were seated in the gold like locusts like locusts. their camels were not number, like the sand of sand on the bread of the sea.

Judges 7:13 when gideon came, a man reported the droom to his neighbor. he said, " it is the drunk i have seen. look, a mew of shaw bread was rolled back in the camp of midian. when he came to the tent, he struck it down, and the tent fell down. "

Judges 7:14 his neighbor replied, " this is no other thing except the sword of gideon, the son of joas, the man of israel. god has transmitted the midian and the whole leading in his hand. "

Judges 7:15 when gideon heard the message of the drunker and his interpretation, he worshiped and returned to the camp of israel and said, " stand up, for the lord has given the camp of midian in your hand. "

Judges 7:16 then he divided the three hundred men in three rulers. he gave them in each one ' s hand a trumpet and a learing water, and facters in the water.

Judges 7:17 he said to them, " see me and do this. if i am going in the middle of the camp, you should do just as i am done.

Judges 7:18 when i and all those who are with me will shild the trumpet, so you also will trumpet around the whole camp and say, ' for the lord and for gideon ! ' "

Judges 7:19 so gideon and the hundred people who were with him went to the side of the camp at the beginning of the midnal guard. they blow the trumpet and destroyed the waters that had in their hands.

Judges 7:20 then the three rulers stop the trumpet and broke the krucks. they took the lamps in their left hand and their right hand the trumpet to blasen, and they shouted out, " the sword of the lord and of gideon ! "

Judges 7:21 so they stood each one in his own place around the camp. then the whole crowd courted and hugged and flowed.

Judges 7:22 when the two hundred trumpet bow the trumpet, the lord put the sword of each one against another in the entire leading, and the leading of the leaders flow to beth-set, to seret, until the winter of abel-mehola by tabbath.

Judges 7:23 so the people of israel, from naphtali, from asser, and from the whole manasseh, and they persecuted the midianites.

Judges 7:24 then gideon sent angels in all the region of ephraim to say, " come down to encontram the midian and hold the waters against them to beth-bara and the jordan. " then all the men of ephraim called out and received the water until beth-bara and the jordan.

Judges 7:25 they seized the two rulers of midian, oreb and zeeb, and they killed oreb on the rock of oreb, and zeeb they killed on the cross of zeeb. they persecuted the midians, and brought the head of oreb and zeeb to gideon on the other side of the jordan river.

Judges 8:1 the men of ephraim said to him, " what is this that you have done for us, not to call us when you went out to combation against midian ? " so they were completely judged with him.

Judges 8:2 then he said to them, " what have i done now like you ? is it not better than the turns of ephraim than the vineyard of abiezer ?

Judges 8:3 god has given to your hand the rulers of midian, oreb and zeeb. what could i do as you ? " then their spirit turned from him when he spoke this message.

Judges 8:4 when gideon came to the jordan river, he went over, he and the two hundred man who were with him. they were suffering and hungry.

Judges 8:5 so he said to the people of succoth, " give the people who are with me bread, for they are hungry. i follow zebah and salmunna, the kings of midian. "

Judges 8:6 but the rulers of succoth said, " are the hand of zebah and salmunna in your hand, that we may give your lame bread ? "

Judges 8:7 gideon replied, " so, when the lord will give zebah and salmunna in my hand, i will put your flesh with thorns of the wilderness and with thorns. "

Judges 8:8 then he went up from there to pnuel and told them the same thing. then the people of penuel answered him just as the people of succoth replied.

Judges 8:9 then he said to the men of pnuel, " when i return in peace, i will destroy this torn. "

Judges 8:10 zebah and tsalmunna were in karkor and their leading with them, about fifteen thousand, all who had left from the whole leading of the people of the east, and the people who had killed were hundred and twenty thousand who were carried to a sword.

Judges 8:11 so gideon went up the way of those who live in their tents, on the east of nobah and jogbeah, and struck the lame, because the lead was trying in trying.

Judges 8:12 then zebah and salmunna flow, but he persecuted them and arrested the two kungers of midian, zebah and zalmunna, and rejected the whole lame.

Judges 8:13 then gideon, the son of joah, returned from the battle from the east of heres.

Judges 8:14 he took a child from the people of suckot and asked him, and he revealed to him the rulers of succoth and the elders of succoth, seventy-seven men.

Judges 8:15 then he came to the people of suckot and said, " look, zebah and zalmunna, because you insulted me, saying, ' the hand of zebah and tsalmunna are now in your hand, that we may give bread to your destroyed men ? '

Judges 8:16 then he took the elders of the city, and thorns of the wilderness and steps and made the people of suckot with them.

Judges 8:17 he destroyed the torn of pnuel and killed the people of the city.

Judges 8:18 then he said to zebah and salmunna, " where are the men you killed in tabor ? " they replied, " they were like you, each one like a king ' s sons. "

Judges 8:19 he replied, " they were my brothers, the sons of my mother. so soon as the lord lives, if you had left them in life, i would not kill you ! "

Judges 8:20 then he said to jeter his firstborn, " get up and kill them ! " but the child did not strick his sword, because he was afraid because he was a young.

Judges 8:21 then zebah and tsalmunna said, " get you up and fall on us, for like a man is his power. " so gideon stood up and killed zebah and tsalmunna, and took the money that were on the hall of their camels.

Judges 8:22 so the people of israel said to gideon, " remain over us, you and your son and your son, for you have healed us from the hand of midian. "

Judges 8:23 but gideon said to them, " i will not remain over you, and my son will not dominare you. the lord will dominare you. "

Judges 8:24 then gideon said to them, " i will ask you a ask. each one of you will give me the ring of his building. " for they had golden ringe because they were ismaelites. )

Judges 8:25 they replied, " we will give it back. " so they threw his clothing, and each of them threw his cloak of gold.

Judges 8:26 the golden objects of gold that he asked were thousand and 700 silver coins, except the clothing, the clothing, and the purple clothing that had on the kings of midian regions, and except the golden kings that were on the hall of their camels.

Judges 8:27 then gideon made a efod for him and placed it in his city in ofra. all the people of israel committed sexual immorality there, and it became a stumbling block to gideon and his family.

Judges 8:28 so the midian became distressed before the people of israel, and they did not lead their head again. and the land was required for firty years in the days of gideon.

Judges 8:29 then jerubbaal, the son of joah, went and bowed in his house.

Judges 8:30 now gideon had seventy sons who came out of his heup, because he had many wives.

Judges 8:31 and his new new in sichem gave him a son, whom he gave his name abimelech.

Judges 8:32 gideon, the son of joas, died in a good ouderry and was buried in the tomb of his father joash, in ofra of the abiezerites.

Judges 8:33 now when gideon had died, the people of israel returned and began to prostitut with the baals, and they made baal-berith to their god.

Judges 8:34 and the people of israel did not remember the lord their god, who had delivered them from the hand of all their enemies along around.

Judges 8:35 and they did not show mercy to the house of jerubbaal, gideon, according to all the good things he had done to israel.

Judges 9:1 then abimelech, the son of jerobaal, went to sichem to the brothers of his mother, and said to them, and to all the family of the house of his mother, saying,

Judges 9:2 " speak to all the burgers of shekem : what is better for you to dominare over you, all the sons of jerubbaal, or to lord over you one man ? remember that i am your flesh and your flesh. "

Judges 9:3 the brothers of his mother said these words to all the burgers of sichem all these things, and their hearts followed abimelech, because they said, " he is our brother. "

Judges 9:4 they gave him seventy-silver silver coins from the temple of baal-berith, and with them abimelech leaded much and fearing men who followed him.

Judges 9:5 so he entered his father ' s house to ofra and killed his brothers, the sons of jerobaal, seventy-two men, on one stone. but jotham, the younger son of jerubbaal, left, because he was hidden.

Judges 9:6 then all the burgers of shekem and the entire family of millo assembled and went and made abimelech to be king on the clock of the stone in shekem.

Judges 9:7 when jotham heard this, he went and stood on the top of the mountain gerizim, raised his voice, called and said to them, " listen to me, men of shekem, so that god will listen to you.

Judges 9:8 the trees went out to anoine a king for themselves, and they said to the olive mood, ' reign over us ! '

Judges 9:9 but the olives said to them, ' should i forgive my flock that god and people glorify me, and go to go over the trees ? '

Judges 9:10 then the trees said to the fig tree, ' come you, reign over us. '

Judges 9:11 but the fig tree said to them, ' should i leave my duldness and my good fruit, and go to go over the trees ? '

Judges 9:12 then the trees said to the vine, ' come you and reign over us. '

Judges 9:13 but the vineyard said to them, ' should i let my wine, who rejoice from god and people, and go to share over the trees ? '

Judges 9:14 then all the trees said to the dorm, ' come you, reign over us. '

Judges 9:15 the doorce said to the trees, ' if you have anointed me as king over you, come and be confident in my imprisonment. but if not, let a fire come out of the dorm and consume the cedrs of the libano ! '

Judges 9:16 now if you have done in truth and perfect and made abimelech king, and if you did good to jerubbaal and his household, and if you have done him just as he has done ?

Judges 9:17 " because my father hard for you and has thrown his life against you and saved you from the midian ' s hand.

Judges 9:18 but you stood on this day against my father ' s house and killed his sons, seventy-two men on one stone, and you have put abimelech the son of his slave slavin to the people of shekem because he was your brother.

Judges 9:19 if you did this day in truth and perfect with jerubbaal and his house, then rejoice about abimelech, and he must rejoice in you !

Judges 9:20 but if not, let fire come out of abimelech and consume the burgers of shekem and the house of millo, and let fire come out of the burgers of shekem and from the house of millo and consume abimelech ! "

Judges 9:21 so jotham flowed and went off to beer and remained there because of his brother abimelech.

Judges 9:22 so abimelech remained over israel for three years.

Judges 9:23 then god sent a evil spirit among abimelech and the burgers of sichem, and the bellators of shekem rebelled against abimelech.

Judges 9:24 so that the unrighteousness of the seventy sons of jerubbaal would come and their blood be put on their brother abimelech who had killed them, and against the bellators of shekem who had strengthened his hands to kill his brothers.

Judges 9:25 the burders of shekem put a clothing against him on the household of the mountains, and they destroyed those who were passing through them on the road. it was revealed to abimelech.

Judges 9:26 then gaal, the son of ebed, came with his brothers and sisters to sikeem, and the bomen of shekem refused to believe in him.

Judges 9:27 so they went to the field and stopped their vineyards and walked them and made frunk. they went into the house of their god, ate, drinking, and praised abimelech.

Judges 9:28 but gaal the son of ebed said, " who is abimelech, and who is shekem that we may serve him ? is this not the son of jerubbaal ? and zebul is his guard ? serve the men of hamor, the father of shekem. but why can we serve him ? "

Judges 9:29 if this people would be in my hand, i could take abimelech away. ' so i said to abimelech, ' multiply your power and come out ! ' "

Judges 9:30 when zebul, the ruler of the city, heard gaal, the son of ebed, he became enflamed.

Judges 9:31 he sent messengers to abimelech with gift to say, " gaal, the son of ebed, and his brothers came to sichem, and they belong the city against you.

Judges 9:32 so stand up at the night, you and the people who are with you, and sit on the field.

Judges 9:33 the morning, when the sun comes up, stand on the morning and throw out to the city. when he and the people who are with him will go out to you, do to him whatever you find. "

Judges 9:34 then abimelech and all the people who were with him stood up at night and walked on four rulers against sichem.

Judges 9:35 gaal, the son of ebed, went out and stood before the town of the city. then abimelech and his people stood up from the imprisonment.

Judges 9:36 when gaal saw the people, he said to zebul, " look, there is a people descending from the top of the mountains. " but zebul said to him, " you see the shadow of the mountains like people. "

Judges 9:37 but gaal said to the other time, " look, there is a people descending from the west, and one beginning comes from the way of the terebinthe terebinthe. "

Judges 9:38 then zebul said to him, " where is now your mouth that say, ' who is abimelech, that we will serve him ? ' this is not the people you disjected ? come now and strike against him ! "

Judges 9:39 so gaal went out from the presence of the burgers of sichem and streyed against abimelech.

Judges 9:40 but abimelech persecuted him, and he flowed off for him, and many were seated until the city ' s door.

Judges 9:41 so abimelech remained in aruma, but zebul destroyed gaal and his brothers, so that they would not live in sichem.

Judges 9:42 the next day the people went out to the field, and they told abimelech.

Judges 9:43 then he took the people and divided it in three rulers and dressed on it. when he saw that a people came out of the city, he stood against them and struck them.

Judges 9:44 so abimelech and the rulers who were with him suffered and stood by the city ' s door, and the two heads were thrown over all who were in the field and struck them.

Judges 9:45 and abimelech walked against the city all that day, and he welcomed the city and killed the people that were in it. he destroyed the city and stapped it with salt.

Judges 9:46 when all the burgers of the torre of sichem heard this, they went into the temple of the temple of baal-berith.

Judges 9:47 when abimelech realized that all the people of the torre of sikeem had assembled together.

Judges 9:48 so abimelech went up the mountain of salmon, he and all the people who were with him. he took a call in his hand, cut a stone of the tree, took it, placed it on his soul and said to the people who were with him, " what you saw me do, do quicgly as i am. "

Judges 9:49 then each one of them threw his scroll and followed abimelech and put them on the powers and put the destroyment on them. so all the people of the torre of sichem died about thousand men and women.

Judges 9:50 then abimelech went to thebes, obseated the city, and pushted it.

Judges 9:51 but in the middle of the city was a great torn, where all the men and women and all the rulers of the city flow there, threw them up and went up on the tail of the torment.

Judges 9:52 so abimelech came to the torre and bowed against him. so he approached the door of the torre to put it down with fire.

Judges 9:53 but one woman gathered a clock of mill on the head of abimelech and broke his skull.

Judges 9:54 immediately he cried out to his child who had his arms, and said to him, " put your sword and put me to death, so that they may not say to me, ' a woman has killed her ! " so his servant trapped him, and he died.

Judges 9:55 when the people of israel saw that abimelech was dead, they went to his home.

Judges 9:56 so god returned his father all the evil things he had done against his father, to kill his seventy brothers.

Judges 9:57 and all the evil men of the men of shekem god revealed their head. so the reason of jotham, the son of jerubbaal, came over them.

Judges 10:1 after abimelech stood to save israel tola, son of pua, son of dodo, man of issaschar, stood up to save israel. he was in samaria, on the mountain of ephraim.

Judges 10:2 he judged israel for twenty-three years, and he died and was buried in samaria.

Judges 10:3 after him, jair the gileadit, stood up and judged israel for twenty-two years.

Judges 10:4 he had thirty sons who red on thirty collects, and they had thirty cities. they are called havoth-jair to this day, which are in the land of gilead.

Judges 10:5 then jair died and was buried in kamon.

Judges 10:6 then the people of israel continued to do what is evil in the eyes of the lord, and served the baals, astaroth, the diens of sidon, the gods of moab, the sinders of moab, the sinders of the ammonites, and to the gods of the philistins. they destroyed the lord and did not serve him.

Judges 10:7 then the anger of the lord flamed against israel, and he vended them in the hand of the philisters and the ammonites.

Judges 10:8 so they seized and murdered the israelites in that year for eighten years, all the israelites who were on the other side of the jordan river in the land of the amoreens in gilead.

Judges 10:9 so the ammonites went over the jordan river to combation against judah, benjamin, and the house of ephraim. so israel was greatly distressed.

Judges 10:10 then the israelites cried to the lord and said, " we have sinned against you, because we have forgiven our god and served the baals. "

Judges 10:11 but the lord said to the people of israel, " did i not come from egypt, the amoreens, the ammonites, the philistijites,

Judges 10:12 and when the sidonians, the amalekians, and the people of maon afflicted you, and if you cried to me, i saved you out of their hand ?

Judges 10:13 but you have forgiven me and serviced to others dieux. therefore i will not save you again.

Judges 10:14 go and call out to the gods you have chosen for yourselves, so they will save you at your suffering. "

Judges 10:15 but the israelites said to the lord, " we have sinned. do you to us just as you are pleasing, but remove us on this day. "

Judges 10:16 so they seized the others gods from their middle and served to the lord, and his spirit was distressed because of the affliction of israel.

Judges 10:17 so the ammonites went up and turned to gilead. then the people of israel went out and bowed camp in mizpa.

Judges 10:18 the rulers of the people of gilead said each to another, " who is the man who will begin to combation against the ammonites ? he will become a head over all who live in gilead. "

Judges 11:1 jephtah the gileadit was a wear held. he was the son of a prostitute. gilead was the child of jephtah.

Judges 11:2 the woman of gilead gave him sons. when the sons of the woman were great, they threw out jefta and said to him, " you will not have possession in our father ' s house, because you are a wife of a friend. "

Judges 11:3 so jephtah left his brothers and remained in the land tob. some food people gathered together with jephtah and went out with him.

Judges 11:4 after some days the ammonites combatted against israel.

Judges 11:5 when the ammonitians walked against israel, the elders of gilead went to take jefta from the land of tob.

Judges 11:6 they said to jephtah, " come and be our ruler, and we will strike against the ammons. "

Judges 11:7 but jephtah said to the elders of gilead, " did you not haty me and thrown me out of my father ' s house ? why then come you to me when you are suffering ? "

Judges 11:8 the elders of gilead said to jephtah, " therefore we have come now to you so that you may go with us and strike against the ammonites, and be our head over all who live in gilead. "

Judges 11:9 jephthah said to the elders of gilead, " if you turn me back to combation against the ammonites, and the lord give them over to me, i will become your head ! "

Judges 11:10 the elders of gilead said to jephtah, " may the lord hear among us except what you said. "

Judges 11:11 so jephtah went with the elders of gilead and made him child and ruling officer over him. jefta explained all his words before the lord in mizpa.

Judges 11:12 then jephtah sent messengers to the king of the ammonites, saying, " what are you to do with you, because you have come to me to combation against my land ? "

Judges 11:13 the king of the ammonites said to the angels of jephtah, " because israel had taken my land when he went up from egypt, from arnon to jabbok, and to the jordan river. therefore bring it back in peace. "

Judges 11:14 jephtah sent messagers to the king of the ammonites.

Judges 11:15 saying to them, " so says jephtah : israel did not take the land of moab or the land of the ammonites.

Judges 11:16 but when they went up from egypt, israel went on the wilderness to the red sea and came to kades.

Judges 11:17 so israel sent messengers to the king of edom, saying, ' let us go through your land ! but the king of edom did not listen. he sent also to the king of moab, but he did not want. so israel remained in kades.

Judges 11:18 then he went through the wilderness and went around the land of edom and the land of moab and came to the east of the land of moab, and lead on the other side of the arnon, but did not enter the region of moab, because the arnon was the region of moab.

Judges 11:19 so israel sent messengers to sihon, king of the amoriter, king of hesbon, and israel said to him, ' let us go through your land until my place. '

Judges 11:20 but sihon did not want israel to go through his territory. he gathered all his people and bowed on jahas, and combatted against israel.

Judges 11:21 so the lord god of israel gave sihon and all his people in the hand of israel, and they divided them. so israel possessed all the land of the amoreens who lived in the land.

Judges 11:22 they possessed all the region of the amoreens, from arnon to jabbok, from the wilderness to the jordan river.

Judges 11:23 now now the lord god of israel has driven the amoritans out before his people israel, and do you take them in possession ?

Judges 11:24 do you not inherit what your god kemos give you in possession ? we will possesn it as well as all the possessions the lord our god brings out before us.

Judges 11:25 don ' t you be better than balak, the son of zippor, king of moab ? has he contented with israel or striked against them ?

Judges 11:26 when israel remains for three hundred years in hesbon with its villages, jazer and its villages, and in all the towns on the side of the jordan river, why did you not recognize them in that time ?

Judges 11:27 i have not sinned against you, but you are doing evil against me to combation against me. the lord, the judge, must judge this day among the people of israel and the ammonites ! "

Judges 11:28 but the king of the ammonites did not listen to the words of jephtah whom he had sent to him.

Judges 11:29 then the spirit of the lord came over jefta, and he passed through gilead and manasseh, passing through mizpa in gilead, and from mispa in gilead he went against the ammonites.

Judges 11:30 so jephtah promised a promise to the lord and said, " if you give the ammonites in my hand,

Judges 11:31 then anyone who comes out of the door of my house to meet me when i return in peace from the ammonites, it will be for the lord, and i will bring him to a holocauste. "

Judges 11:32 so jephtah went over to the ammonites to combation against them, and the lord gave them in his hand.

Judges 11:33 and he difficulted them with a great plage from aroer until minith, seventy city, and to abel-keramim, a great plage. so the ammonitans became humbled before the people of israel.

Judges 11:34 when jefta came to his home to mizpa, he saw his daughter out to meet him with tamburins and danches. she was his only child, but there was no son or daughter except her.

Judges 11:35 when he saw her he tore his clothes and said, " woe, my daughter ! you have put me down ! you have become a suffering in my eyes ! for i have opened my mouth against the lord, and i cannot remove. "

Judges 11:36 she said to him, " my father, if you have opened your mouth to the lord, do with me just as you have spoken, because the lord has made you justice for your enemies, the ammonites. "

Judges 11:37 she said to her father, " take this thing for me : leave me to be two months, so that i may go down to the mountains and weep my virginess, i and my companions. "

Judges 11:38 he said, " go ! " so he sent her away for two months. so she went with her relatives and weeped her virginess on the mountains.

Judges 11:39 now after two months she returned to her father, and he accomplied his promise that he had promised. she did not know a husband. so it became a command in israel

Judges 11:40 for every year the daughters of israel went together to mourn the daughter of jefta, the gileadita, for four days in the year.

Judges 12:1 when the people of ephraim assembled, they went to the east and said to jephtah, " why did you go out to strike against the sons of ammon, and did you not call us to go with you ? we will burn your house in fire. "

Judges 12:2 jephtah replied, " i and my people were complete against the ammons. i called you, but you did not save me from their hand.

Judges 12:3 when i saw that you were not to save, i put my life in my hand and went over against the ammons, and the lord gave them in my hand. why then have you come against me this day to strike against me ? "

Judges 12:4 so jephtah gathered all the people of gilead and streyed against ephraim. and the people of gilead died ephraim, because they said, " you are efraimitians, who are among efraim and manasseh. "

Judges 12:5 so the people of gilead received the regions of the jordan river to ephraim. but whenever the rest of ephraim said, " let us go over, " the people of gilead said to him, " you are a efraim ? " if he said, " i am not ! "

Judges 12:6 then they said to him, " tell sibbolet. " but he said " shibboleth ", but he said " shibboleth ", but he said " sibbolet ! " but the people of the people of ephraim died two thousand of ephraim.

Judges 12:7 jephtah judged israel for sex years. then jephtah the gileadit died and was buried in his town of gilead.

Judges 12:8 after him ibsan from bethlehem was judgment of israel.

Judges 12:9 he had thirty sons and had thirty daughters. he brought thirty daughters out to his sons from outside. he judged israel for seven years.

Judges 12:10 then ibsan died and was buried in bethlehem.

Judges 12:11 after him elon the zebulonita was judge in israel. he was richer of israel for tenth years.

Judges 12:12 then elon the zabulon died and was buried in ajalon in the land zebulon.

Judges 12:13 after him abdon, the son of hillel the piratonites, judged israel.

Judges 12:14 he had fifty sons and thirty sons, who red on seventy collects, and he judged israel for eight years.

Judges 12:15 then abdon, the son of hillel the piratonita, died and was buried at piraton, in the land of ephraim, on the mountain of amalec.

Judges 13:1 now the people of israel continued to do what is evil in the eyes of the lord, and the lord gave them in the hand of the philisters for firty years.

Judges 13:2 there was a man from sorea, from the tribe of dan, named manoah. his wife was barren and had no children.

Judges 13:3 then the angel of the lord appeared to the woman and said to her, " look, you are barren and have not planted, but you will be swanger and give a son.

Judges 13:4 now do your guard and do not drink wine or drunk, and eat nothing unclean.

Judges 13:5 for look, you will be pregnant and give a son, and there will never ascend the head of him, because the child will be a nazarei to god from birth, and he will begin to save israel from the hand of the philistins. "

Judges 13:6 then the woman came and said to her husband, " a man of god came to me. he was like the angel of god, great terrifier. i did not ask him where he came from, and he did not tell me his name.

Judges 13:7 but he said to me, ' look, you will be swanger and give a son. therefore do not drink wine or drunk, and eat nothing unclean, because the child will be a nazireo of god from birth until his death. ' "

Judges 13:8 then manoah prayed to the lord and said, " lord, let the man of god whom you sent may come to us and give us known what we should do with the child to be born. "

Judges 13:9 god heard manoah ' s voice. then the angel of god came back to her woman while she was sitting in the field, but her husband manoah was not with her.

Judges 13:10 the woman went away and reported to her husband and said to her, " look, the man who came to me at that day has been revealed to me. "

Judges 13:11 so manoah stood and followed his wife. when he came to the man, he asked him, " you are the man who spoke to the woman ? " he replied, " i am. "

Judges 13:12 so manoah said, " now when your message comes, what will happen to the child and what is for him ? "

Judges 13:13 the angel of the lord replied to manoah, " let her beware of everything i said to her woman.

Judges 13:14 he must not eat anything that comes out of the vineyard, do not drink wine or drunk, and do not eat anything unclean. let she obey everything i have commanded for her. "

Judges 13:15 so manoah said to the angel of the lord, " let us look for you to make you a bokken. "

Judges 13:16 but the angel of the lord said to manoah, " if you leave me, i will not eat your bread, but if you offer a holocaust, you will offer it to the lord. " for manoah did not know that it was the angel of the lord.

Judges 13:17 so manoah said to the angel of the lord, " what is your name ? that whenever your message comes, we will glorify you. "

Judges 13:18 the angel of the lord said to him, " why do you ask about my name ? it is wonderly. "

Judges 13:19 so manoah took the boats and the sacrifice and offered it on a rock to the lord. then the lord did a wonderful thing with manoah and his wife.

Judges 13:20 now when the flamm went up from the altar to heaven, the angel of the lord went up in the flame of the altar. when manoah and his wife saw it, they fell down with their face to the ground.

Judges 13:21 no longer the angel of the lord appeared to manoah and his wife. then manoah knew that it was the angel of the lord.

Judges 13:22 so manoah said to his wife, " we will be put to death, because we have seen god. "

Judges 13:23 but his wife said to him, " if the lord would put to death to death, he would not receive brance and sacrifice from our hands, and he would not reveal us all these things and would not proclaim these things to us. "

Judges 13:24 then the woman gave a son, and she called him samson. the child died, and the lord blessed him.

Judges 13:25 the spirit of the lord began to accompany him in the camp of dan, among sorah and esthaol.

Judges 14:1 when samson went down to timnah, he saw a woman from the daughters of the philistian.

Judges 14:2 so herod went up and reported this to his father and mother, saying, " i have seen a woman in timna, a of the daughters of the philists. therefore take her her a wife ! "

Judges 14:3 his father and mother said to him, " is there no woman among the daughters of your brothers or in all my people that you go to take a wife from the philistians who are uncircumcised ? " but samson said to his father, " take her for me, for it is good in my eyes. "

Judges 14:4 his father and mother did not know that it came from the lord, because he certained a recompense against the philistins. in that time the philistins were herraning over israel.

Judges 14:5 so samson went down with his father and mother to timnah. when they came to the vineyard of timnah, there came a leeuing leeuing rugging him.

Judges 14:6 then the spirit of the lord came on him, and he scattered him like a boats, though he had nothing in his hand. but jacob did not tell his father or mother what he had done.

Judges 14:7 so he went down and spoke to the woman, and she was pleasing to samson.

Judges 14:8 after some days he returned to take her, he went away to see the body of the lion, and look, in the mouth of the lion was a scroll of flock and honey.

Judges 14:9 so saul took it in his hand and eaten and eating. so he went to his father and mother, gave them it, and they ate. but he did not tell them that he had taken the honey from the shed of the lion.

Judges 14:10 so his father went down to the woman, and samson made a food there, because the young men did so.

Judges 14:11 when they saw him, they brought thirty friends to him to remain with him.

Judges 14:12 samson said to them, " i will give you a scroll. if you arrest me in the seven days of drink, i will give you thirty clothing and thirty clothing.

Judges 14:13 but if you do not understand me, you will give me thirty linen clothing and thirty clothing. " they said to him, " proclaim your proclaim, so we will listen to it. "

Judges 14:14 he said to them, " food came from the one who eats, and sood came from the powerful. but three days they were not able to proclaim the scroll in three days.

Judges 14:15 on the fourth day they said to the wife of samson, " bring your husband to tell you the message so that we will burn you and your father ' s house. you have called us to share us ? "

Judges 14:16 then the wife of samson wept against him and said, " you hates me and do not love me. you have proclaimed the letter to my people but did not tell me to me. " but he said to her, " i did not tell it to my father or my mother, and i will tell it to you ? "

Judges 14:17 so she wept against him on the seven days when the drink was, but on the seventh day jacob reported for her because she had greatly greatly greated him. so she told the people of her people.

Judges 14:18 the people of the city said to him, " on the seventh day before the sun came to him, " what is greater than honey, and what is starter than a lion ? " he replied, " if you would not have seized my kalf, you would not find my lead. "

Judges 14:19 then the spirit of the lord came on him, and he went down to ascalon and killed thirty people there, and took their clothes and gave them to those who had revealed the scroll. then his anger flamed up and went back to his father ' s house.

Judges 14:20 so the wife of samson remained to his friend who was his friend.

Judges 15:1 after some days, in the days of the reast of the fever, samson revealed his wife, brought a kec, and said, " i will enter my wife in the cammer. " but her father did not let her go.

Judges 15:2 but her father said, " i intended that you had hated her, and i gave her to your fellow christian. is her younger sister greater than she ? let she be for her in her place. "

Judges 15:3 samson said to them, " this very time i am innocent against the philisters, because i will doing them evil. "

Judges 15:4 so samson went and taken three hundred rocks. he took flashes, lighked the cocks to the cocks, and put a fackel among the two rocks in the middle.

Judges 15:5 then he swallowed the lamps in fire and sent them into the garns of the philists. he stapped the garns and the crowns that had been revealed, even the vineyard, and the olives.

Judges 15:6 then the philistins asked, " who has done these things ? " they replied, " samson, the schoonf of the thamnatan, because he took his wife and gave her to his fellow council. " so the philistins went up and burned her father and her father with fire.

Judges 15:7 but samson said to them, " if you did this, i will not be delighted, but i will punish my vengeance from you. "

Judges 15:8 then he died them with a great plage, and went down and sat down at the spelonk of the spelonk of etam.

Judges 15:9 then the philistijs went up and tabored in juda, and they were divided in lehi.

Judges 15:10 the people of judah said, " why have you come against us ? " they replied, " we have come to call samson and to do with him just as he has done for us. "

Judges 15:11 then three thousand people from judah went down to the shof of the rock etam and said to samson, " don ' t you know that the philistians reign over us ? why did you have done for us ? " he replied, " just as they have done for me, i did to them. "

Judges 15:12 they said to him, " we have come down to bind you and to give you into the hand of the philisters. " samson said to them, " swear me that you will not put me to death. "

Judges 15:13 they answered him, " no, we will put you up and give you into their hands, but we will not put you to death. " so they stricted him with two new cloaks and brought him out of the rock.

Judges 15:14 when he came to lehi, the philistians shouted out to meet him. then the spirit of the lord came on him, and the cloaks that had on his arms became like a fever when the fire was broken up with fire, and his chains were broken off from his arms.

Judges 15:15 he found a bew of a coll separed on the road. he extended his hand and took it and struck a thousand man with it.

Judges 15:16 and samson said, " in a kind of a eselin i divided them, for by a eselin i struck a thousand man. "

Judges 15:17 when he had finished speaking, he healed the kind from his hand and called that place ramat-lehi.

Judges 15:18 when he was great thirsty, he cried to the lord and said, " you gave this great salvation in the hand of your servant. and now i will be thirsty from thirsty and fall into the hand of the uncircumcised ? "

Judges 15:19 then god opened the clock from lehi, and water came out of it. he drinked, and his spirit returned, and he died. for this reason he was called en-hakore, who is in lehi, and it is to lehi.

Judges 15:20 so he was judging israel in the days of the philistes for three years.

Judges 16:1 then samson went to gaza and saw a prostitute there and went to her.

Judges 16:2 when the people of gaza were revealed, " samson has come here. " so they went around and walked on him the whole night by the city ' s city. they were mourning the whole night, saying, " while it is morning, we will kill him. "

Judges 16:3 so samson remained until midnight. about midnight he got up and taken the door of the city ' s city, with the two pocks, carried them with the riegl, placed them on his scump and brought them on the top of the mountain that is apposite hebron.

Judges 16:4 after this, she loved a woman by the room sorek, whose name was dalila.

Judges 16:5 then the rulers of the philistins went up to her and said to her, " deceive him and see to what is his great power and how we can be able to present him, so that we may give you each one for a hundred hundred silver coins. "

Judges 16:6 delila said to samson, " tell me to tell me where your great power is, and how can you be taken up to humble you ? "

Judges 16:7 samson said to her, " if they bind me with seven crowns that are not destroyed, then i will be weak and be like one of others. "

Judges 16:8 so the rulers of the philistins brought to her seven crowres that were not destroyed, and she struck him with them.

Judges 16:9 then the prisoners were sitting in a cammer. he said to him, " samson, the philistians are against you ! " so he threw the sews just as a flock of the break spread by the fire, so that his power would not be known.

Judges 16:10 delila said to samson, " look, you have contristed me and told me false. now tell me how you can be taken. "

Judges 16:11 he said to her, " if they bind me with new cloaks that did not be done, i will be weak and be like one of others. "

Judges 16:12 then delila took some new cloaks, lighted him with them and said to him, " samson, the filistians are against you ! " so the cloak was sitting in a cammer. " so he scattered them from his arms as a scamp.

Judges 16:13 delila said to samson, " until now you have astonished me and speaking false to me. tell me how you can be lied. " he said to her, " if you put up the seven flowns of my head with the seed. "

Judges 16:14 " the filistijs on you, samson ! " so he got up from his slaap and scattered the cocks in the wall. he said to him, " samson ! the filistians are on you ! " but he got up from his slaap and scattered the clock with the weck, so that his power was not known.

Judges 16:15 delila said to him, " how can you say, ' i love you, ' but your heart is not with me ? you have provoked me three times and did not tell me where your great power is. "

Judges 16:16 when she had strengthened him with her words the whole night, she greatly greatly greatly greatly suffered to death,

Judges 16:17 he told her all his heart and said to her, " no hail has ascended on my head, because i am a nazireo of god from birth of my mother. if i bear it, my power will depart from me, and i will be weak, and i will be like all others. "

Judges 16:18 when delila saw that he had revealed her all his heart, she sent out and called the rulers of the philists to say, " come up this very more, for he has revealed to me all his heart. " then the rulers of the philistins went up to her and brought the money in their hands.

Judges 16:19 she lighked him by her knies, and called a man, who raked his seven loces of his head. then she began to humble him, but his power was rejected from him.

Judges 16:20 and she said, " the philistijens are against you, samson ! " so he got up from his sleep and said, " i will come as always and will share. " but he did not know that the lord had left him.

Judges 16:21 then the filistijs greated him, grow his eyes and brought him down to gaza. they stricted him with bronzekets, and he was suffering in the prison.

Judges 16:22 but the hair of his head began to rise, just as it was revealed.

Judges 16:23 now the rulers of the philistins gathered to offer a great sacrifice to dagon their god and to rejoice, because they said, " our god has given samson our enemie in our hand ! "

Judges 16:24 when the people saw him, they praised their god, saying, " our god gave our enemie in our hand, and the one who destroyed our land, who had many those who have killed. "

Judges 16:25 and when their hearts were glad, they said, " call on samson for us for us ! " so they called samson from the prison, and he placed for them, and they stood him among the colonne.

Judges 16:26 samson said to the boy who had his hand to hand him, " send me away to the pils on which the house is stop, so that i may be strengthened to them. "

Judges 16:27 now the house was full of men and women, and all the rulers of the philists were there, and on the tax household were about three thousand men and women, who looked along about samson.

Judges 16:28 then samson called to the lord and said, " lord, lord, remember me and strengthen me only this more, my lord, so that i may punish my vengeance for my two eyes for my two eyes. "

Judges 16:29 then samson rebuked the two mighty pils on which the house was firmed, and stoned to them, one with his right hand and the other with his left.

Judges 16:30 then samson said, " let i be killed with the philists ! " so he shouted up with strength, and the house fell on the rulers and on the whole people that was in it. so the dead whom samson had killed in his death were more than those he had killed in his life.

Judges 16:31 then his brothers and all his father went down and took him and went up and buried him among sorah and estaol in the tomb of his father manoah. he was judging israel for forty years.

Judges 17:1 there was a man from the mountain of ephraim named micha.

Judges 17:2 he said to his mother, " the thousand hundred silver coins that were carried for you, which you complete and said to my ears : " look, the pent is with me. i received it. " his mother replied, " blessed is my son for the lord ! "

Judges 17:3 then he rejected his mother the elf hundred silver coins. his mother said, " i have made the money holy the money to the lord from my hand, to make a image of idols and a image made. now now i will repay it to you. "

Judges 17:4 but when he had rejected the money to his mother, his mother took two hundred silver coins and gave it to the chosen one who made a image of image and a image made. so it was in micha ' s house.

Judges 17:5 now the man micha had a temple of god. he made a efod and terafhim and filled one of his sons to be his priest.

Judges 17:6 in those days there was no king in israel. each one was doing what was good in his eyes.

Judges 17:7 there was a child from bethlehem-juda, from the family of judah. he was a lew and was as fremder there.

Judges 17:8 so the man went out of the city of bethlehem to live where he found. so he came to the mountain of ephraim to micha ' s house to make his way.

Judges 17:9 micha asked him, " where do you come from ? " he replied, " i am a leviet from bethlehem of judah and am going to live where i find. "

Judges 17:10 micha said to him, " stand with me and be my father and priest, and i will give you ten silver coins for every day, two clothing and your life. " so the levit went back.

Judges 17:11 he began to live with this man, and the child became like one of his sons.

Judges 17:12 micha filled the levit, and the child became his priest, and he stayed in micha ' s house.

Judges 17:13 micha said, " now i know that the lord will give me good, because i have a leviet as a priest. "

Judges 18:1 in those days there was no king in israel, and in those days the tribe of the danites began looking for herself to live, because until that day it was not fallen a inheritance among the tribes of israel.

Judges 18:2 then the danites sent five men from their parts, powerful men from sorea and esthaol, to esplorate the land and esplorate it. they said to them, " go and esplete the land. " so they came to the mountain of ephraim, to the house of micha, and required there.

Judges 18:3 when they were ahead of micha ' s house, they recognized the voice of the yune levit. they turned there and asked him, " who brought you here ? what can you do here ? and what are you here here ? "

Judges 18:4 he said to them, " micha has done me so and this : he hugged me and i became his priest. "

Judges 18:5 they said to him, " ask god, that we may know if our way we are going to be right. "

Judges 18:6 the priest said to them, " go in peace. your way that you live are before the lord. "

Judges 18:7 so the five men went and came to lais. they saw the people who lived there trying in trying, according to the law of the sidons, trying in trying and trying, because they were far from sidon and had nothing with aramaians.

Judges 18:8 when they came to their brothers into sorea and esthaol, their brothers asked them, " what do you say ? "

Judges 18:9 they replied, " stand up and let us go against them, because we have received the land, and look, they are great good. stand up and go to them, because we have found the land, and look, they are great good. stand up, let us go against them, because we have found the land, and look, they are great good. "

Judges 18:10 when you come, you will come to a confident people, and the land is firm, because god has given it in your hand. there is a place where there is no last of anything that is on the earth. "

Judges 18:11 then two hundred man from the family of dan went away from sorea and estaol, seventy men who were clothed with battle arms.

Judges 18:12 they went up and tabored in kirjat-jearim in judah. because of this place they called the place of dan to this day. there is apposite kirjat-jearim.

Judges 18:13 they went from there and came to the mountain of ephraim and came to micha ' s house.

Judges 18:14 so the five men who had went out to esplorate the land answered their brothers, " do you know that in these towns is a efod, terafhim, a image of idols and a image made. so then know what you should do ! "

Judges 18:15 so they turned from there and went into the house of the jew, the leviat, in the house of micha, and greeted him.

Judges 18:16 but the sexth hundred men of the danites who were from the danites stood by the door of the city.

Judges 18:17 so the five men who had went out to esplorate the earth went up there and took the image made of idols, the efod, the terafhim, and the idol image. the priest stood with the sexth hundred men who were dressed with strict of battle.

Judges 18:18 when they entered micha ' s house and took the image made of idols, the efod, the terafhim, and the idol image, the priest asked them, " what do you do ? "

Judges 18:19 they replied, " stand away, put your hand on your mouth and come with us, and be our father and priest. is it better for you to be a priest in the house of a man, than to become a priest of a tribe and of a tribe in israel ? "

Judges 18:20 then the priest was glad and he took the efod and the terafhim and the idol bild and went in the middle of the people.

Judges 18:21 so they returned and went away. they placed before them the husbands, his possessions, and his possessions.

Judges 18:22 when they had left the house of micha, the men who was with micha ' s house were going up, they began to shout the people of dan.

Judges 18:23 then the people of dan returned their face and said to micha, " what do you want that you cried out ? "

Judges 18:24 he replied, " you have received my idols that i have made, and the priest, and you went away. what can i still take ? what can you say to me, ' what is this ? ' "

Judges 18:25 but the danites said to him, " let your voice not be heard with us, so that some devoted men will fall against you and you will cause your life and your family. "

Judges 18:26 so the danites went on their way. when micha saw that they were more startful than he, he returned and returned to his home.

Judges 18:27 so they took what micha had done, and the priest he had. they came to lais, to a trying and trying people, and killed them by the sword of the sword and put the city up with fire.

Judges 18:28 there was no one to save, because he was far from sidon, and they had no message with others. it was in the dal that is by bet-rehob. they bounded the city and bowed in it.

Judges 18:29 they called the city dan according to the name of their father dan, who was fathered to israel. first the city was the name of lais.

Judges 18:30 so the people of dan stood up the image made of micha for themselves. jonathan, the son of gerson, the son of moses, he and his sons were priests for the tribe of dan until the day they were transported to the land.

Judges 18:31 so they made the image made of micha for themselves as long as the house of god was in silo.

Judges 19:1 in those days, when there was no king in israel, there was a levit who loved the other side of the mountain of ephraim. he took a wife from bethlehem in judah.

Judges 19:2 but his wife was anger against him and went away from him to her father ' s house, to bethlehem of judah, and she was there for four months.

Judges 19:3 her husband stood and followed her to speak to her and to bring her back again. he had with him his servant and two esels. she brought her in her father ' s house. when the wife ' s father saw him, he refuked him.

Judges 19:4 so his svigervader, the father of the girl, brought him and he stayed with him three days. they ate, drinking, and dormed there.

Judges 19:5 on the fourth day they got up the morning, and he got up to go. then the father of the wife said to his wife, " strengthen your heart with a broke of bread, and then you will go. "

Judges 19:6 so they sat and ate together and drinking. then the father of the woman said to the man, " eat and stay down, and let your heart be good. "

Judges 19:7 but the man got up to go. his svigeron asked him to go, but he continued to live there.

Judges 19:8 on the fifth day he got up early in the morning, so that he went away. but the father of the woman said, " strengthen your heart for bread, and live until the day is passed, " so they ate and drinked.

Judges 19:9 when the man stood to go, he and his newihbor and his slave. his schoonvader, the father of the girl, said to him, " look, the day has near the evening, leave here and let your heart be glad. tomorrow you will get up to your way and go to your home. "

Judges 19:10 but the man did not want to stay down. so he got up and went and arrived in the side of jebus ( that is jerusalem ). he had a par sheep gathered, and his wife with him.

Judges 19:11 while they were ahead of jebus, the day was greatly kept. then the slave said to his master, " come, let us go into this jebusan town and stay in it ! "

Judges 19:12 but his master said to him, " we will not go to a fremder city that is not from the sons of israel, but we will pass away to gibea. "

Judges 19:13 he said to his child, " come, let us enter one of the places and stay down in gibea or rama. "

Judges 19:14 so they went away and went away, and the sun was leaving by gibea, which is in benjamin.

Judges 19:15 so they turned away there to go to destroy in gibea. then they went and sat down on the street of the city, but there was no one who had gathered them into his house to spend.

Judges 19:16 now the next man came from his works from the field at the evening. he was from the mountain of ephraim and was as fremder in gibea. the people of the place were benjamin ' s men.

Judges 19:17 when he looked up, he saw the journey on the street of the city. then the older man asked, " where are you going, and where do you come from ? "

Judges 19:18 he said to him, " we are going over from bethlehem in judah to the other side of the mountain of ephraim from where i am. i went to bethlehem of judah, but i go to the house of the lord, but there is no one to gather me into the house.

Judges 19:19 there are food and food for our esels, and there is bread and wine for me and for your slave slave and for the child who is with you. we have no need of anything. "

Judges 19:20 the older man said, " peace be with you ! hold to me whatever you have, but hold not away on the street. "

Judges 19:21 so he brought her into his house and placed it to his esels. so they washed their feet, ate and drinking.

Judges 19:22 when they had revealed their hearts, the men of the city, unbelievers, assembled the house, gathered by the door and said to the elder, the owner of the house, " bring out the man who has entered your house, that we may know him ! "

Judges 19:23 the husband, the owner of the house, went out to them and said, " no, brothers and sisters, do not take evil ! after this man has entered my house, do not do this foolishness.

Judges 19:24 look, my daughter, a virgin, and his wife, i will bring her out, and you will humble them, and do with them what you think. but do not take this foolishness to this man ! "

Judges 19:25 but the men did not listen to listen to him. then the man took his wighint and brought her out to them outside. they recognized her and mocked her all the night until the morning, and when the morning came up, they sent her away.

Judges 19:26 when the woman came about morning, she fell at the door of the man where her master was, and fell at the door of the man where her master was.

Judges 19:27 when her master got up, he opened the door of the house and went out to go his way. when the woman, his wife, fell at the door, with her hands on the door.

Judges 19:28 he said to her, " get up and let us go. " but she did not answer, but he was dead. so he threw it on the eselin, and went up and went to his place.

Judges 19:29 now when herod entered his house, he took a sword, took his wighint and struck it with its bears in twelve parts and sent them throughout the region of israel.

Judges 19:30 everyone who saw this said, " like from the day the israelites went up from egypt until this day has happened or appeared. " so he commanded the people to whom he had sent, saying, " so you say to all the israelites, ' it has happened like this from the day they went up from egypt until this day. make your plan against her and speak. "

Judges 20:1 then all the people of israel went out, and the whole group gathered like one man from dan to beerseba and the land of gilead to the lord in mizpa.

Judges 20:2 then the officers of all the people, all the tribes of israel, stood in the church of the people of god : four hundred thousand food belonging to the sword.

Judges 20:3 when the benjaminians heard that the people of israel had gone to mizpa. so the people said, " speak how this evil has done ! "

Judges 20:4 the levit, the man of the dead woman, replied, " i went with my wife to gibea in benjamin to destroy.

Judges 20:5 then the people of gibeah stood up against me and assembled the house around me in the night. they were willing to kill me, and they humbled my newijdness, so that she died.

Judges 20:6 then i took my daughter, elisa, and sent her out in all the region of the possession of israel, because they had done a foolishness and foolishness in israel.

Judges 20:7 look, you are all the people of israel. give yourselves a message and consice. "

Judges 20:8 then the whole crowd stood up as one man, saying, " no one will go to his home, and each of us will not return to his home.

Judges 20:9 now this is what we will do to gibea : we will ascend against it in possession.

Judges 20:10 then we will take ten men from the hundreds, a hundred of the thousand and a thousand of thousand, to take food for the people who come to repay for gibea of benjamin for all the foolishness they have done in israel. "

Judges 20:11 so all the people of israel assembled against the city like a single man.

Judges 20:12 so the tribes of israel sent men in all the tribe of benjamin to say, " what is this evil thing that has done among you ?

Judges 20:13 so now give the ungodly men who are in gibea, so that we may have them to death, so that we may take away evil from israel. " but the benjaminians did not listen to the voice of their brothers, the israelites.

Judges 20:14 so the benjaminians assembled from their towns to gibea, to go out to combation against the people of israel.

Judges 20:15 in that day the people of benjamin were contacted from the towns a number of twenty-five thousand who had seed the sword, except those who live in gibea.

Judges 20:16 these all were divided, throwing stones to the hair, but do not suffery.

Judges 20:17 now the people of israel were concensed except the benjaminites, four hundred ( 40000000.000 ) man who were throwing out of the sword.

Judges 20:18 so they stood up and went to bethel, and asked god, " who of us first will ascende first to combation against benjamin ? " the lord replied, " judah will ascend first. "

Judges 20:19 so the israelites went up the next next morning and tabored against gibea.

Judges 20:20 so the people of israel went out to battle against benjamin, and the men of israel walked against gibea against them.

Judges 20:21 so the benjaminians went out of gibea and destroyed in that day two and two thousand people of israel to the earth.

Judges 20:22 but the men of the people of israel became strengthened and continued to make battle on the place where they had completed the first day.

Judges 20:23 so the people of israel went up and weeped before the lord until the afternoon, and asked the lord, " may i go along to combation against my brother benjamin ? " the lord replied, " go up against him ! "

Judges 20:24 then the israelites came to the second day to the people of benjamin.

Judges 20:25 the second day the benjaminians went out to encontrad them from gibea at the second day and destroyed on the earth fourteen thousand people of the people, all who were belonging to the sword.

Judges 20:26 then all the people of israel and all the people went up and went to bethel and weeped, and fasting on that day, and offered brannouns and freudenofferings before the lord.

Judges 20:27 so the israelites asked the lord, because the ark of the covenant of god was there,

Judges 20:28 and phinehas, the son of eleazar, the son of aaron, stood before him in those days, saying, " do i go still out to combation against the people of my brother benjamin or share ? " the lord replied, " get up, for tomorrow i will give them in your hand. "

Judges 20:29 so israel put clothes around gibea around gibea around all time.

Judges 20:30 so the people of israel went up to the benjaminites on the third day, and they assembled against gibea like the first time.

Judges 20:31 so the benjaminians went out to encontrad the people, and they were seized from the city, and they began to kill some of the people in the wells where one ascends to bethel, the other to gibea in the field, about thirty men from israel.

Judges 20:32 the people of benjamin said, " they have cut down before us as before us. " but the israelites said, " let us fliew and remove them from the city to the streets. "

Judges 20:33 so all the men of israel stood up from his place and assembled in baal-tamar, and the lame of israel was destroyed from his place, from the wall of gibea.

Judges 20:34 then on the entire side of gibea came ten thousand chosen man from the whole israel, and the battle was hard. but they did not recognize that the evil one had completed them.

Judges 20:35 so the lord died benjamin before israel. in that day the israelites destroyed in that day twenty-five thousand people of benjamin, all who were seizing the sword.

Judges 20:36 now when the benjaminians saw that they had been killed, the people of israel gave place to benjamin, because they had confident the sick they had put on the side of gibea.

Judges 20:37 then the officers rushed out and spread out to gibea, and the lame went away and struck the whole city with the fil of the sword.

Judges 20:38 now the people of israel were subjected to the imprisonation that they would bring a smoke of smoke from the city.

Judges 20:39 now when the men of israel returned in the battle, the benjaminians leaded to strike about thirty people of israel, because they said, " they will be seized before us just as in the first kampf. "

Judges 20:40 then the fever began to ascend from the city, a stone of smoke. when the benjaminians looked around him, look, the completion of the city went up to heaven.

Judges 20:41 now when the israelitans returned, the benjaminians became quicchly, because they saw that evil was against them.

Judges 20:42 so they turned away before the people of israel to the way of the wilderness, but the battle destroyed them, and those from the towns destroyed them among them.

Judges 20:43 they destroyed the benjaminians, sailing him down, suffering him down to the east of gibea, at the east of the sun.

Judges 20:44 then foventy thousand people from benjamin were killed, all they were wear men.

Judges 20:45 so they turned and flowed to the wilderness, to the rock of rimmon. they were seized in the streets about five thousand people, and followed them to gidaim, and threw two thousand of them.

Judges 20:46 in that day all who had fallen in benjamin on that day were twenty-five thousand people who were seizing the sword. all these were large men.

Judges 20:47 but two hundred man turned away and flow to the wilderness, to the rock rimmon, and stayed on the rock rimmon for four months.

Judges 20:48 so the people of israel went back to the people of benjamin and killed them by the fil of the sword, both people, feet, and everything that was found. they put out into all the towns that were found.

Judges 21:1 now the israelitians swored in mizpa, saying, " no one of us will give his daughter to benjamin as a wife. "

Judges 21:2 then the people came to bethel and stood there until the afternoon before god. they raised their voice and weeped with a great weeping.

Judges 21:3 and said, " why, o lord, god of israel, has this happened in israel, that a tribe is today in israel ? "

Judges 21:4 the next day the people got up and built a altar there and offered branner-branches and pacifiges.

Judges 21:5 then the people of israel said, " who is the one who has not ascended in the church from all the tribes of israel to the lord ? " for they said, " the one who has not come to the lord to mizpa will be put to death. "

Judges 21:6 so the people of israel were delighted for their brother benjamin and said, " this day is divided a single tribe from israel.

Judges 21:7 what can we do for the rest of the rest of them as women ? for we have sworing by the lord not to give them women of our daughters ? "

Judges 21:8 then they asked, " who is one of the tribes of israel who did not come to the lord to mizpa ? " but there was no one from jabes in gilead come to the completion.

Judges 21:9 for when the people were contempted, there there was no one from the people of jabes in gilead.

Judges 21:10 then the people of the crowd sent twelve thousand people there and commanded them, " go and strike the people of jabes in gilead with the fil of the sword, both the women and the people.

Judges 21:11 " and this is what you should make : all manners and every woman who has known a husband must you destroy. "

Judges 21:12 they found among the inhabitants of jabesh in gilead four hundred jeunes daughters who did not know a man with a man. they brought them into the camp in silo that is in the land of canaan.

Judges 21:13 then the whole group sent out and spoke to the benjaminians who were on the rock of rimmon, and called them peace.

Judges 21:14 so the benjaminians returned and gave them the women who had leaved their least from the women of jabes in gilead. but this was not right for them.

Judges 21:15 the people were greatly distressed for benjamin because the lord had made a division among the tribes of israel.

Judges 21:16 the elders of the people said, " what should we do for the rest who remains ? for wife has been released from benjamin. "

Judges 21:17 so they said, " the possession of those of benjamin will be possessed, so that no tribe will be separed from israel.

Judges 21:18 but we cannot give them wives of our daughters, because the people of israel have swored and said, ' cursed be the one who gives a wife to benjamin ! ' "

Judges 21:19 then they said, " look, each year is a feast to the lord in silo, who is nings of bethel, on the east of the way that comes from bethel to shekem, and on the suuth of lebona. "

Judges 21:20 they commanded the people of benjamin, saying, " go and sit on the vineyards.

Judges 21:21 when you see, look, when the daughters of silo come out to strick with tances, you will go out of the vineyards and take each one to him a wife from the daughters of silo and go back to the land of benjamin.

Judges 21:22 and whenever their ancestors or brothers come to judge with us, we will say to them, ' show mercy on them, because no one has received his wife in the battle. you did not give them to them, you have committed charge against you. "

Judges 21:23 the sons of benjamin did so, and they took their women from those who were divorced according to their number. they went and turned to their erbbesitz. they built the towns and bowed in them.

Judges 21:24 in that time the people of israel went away from there, each one to his tribe and his relatives, and each one went back to his possession.

Judges 21:25 in those days there there was no king in israel. each one was doing what was right before him, but the israelites returned to the people of benjamin, and they killed them with the sword of the sword, both people, feet, and everything that was found.

Ruth 1:1 now when the judges judged, there was a famine in the land. then a man from bethlehem in judah went to live in the country of moab with his wife and two sons.

Ruth 1:2 the man ' s name was elimelech, his wife noomi, and the name of his two sons was mahlon and kiljon ; they were ephrataians from bethlehem in judah. when they came to the country of moab, they were there.

Ruth 1:3 so elimelech, the husband of noomi, died, and she left and her two sons.

Ruth 1:4 they took for themselves moabitische women. the one was named orpa and the other rut. so they died there about ten years.

Ruth 1:5 so both mahlon and kiljon died too, and the woman left for her two sons and her husband.

Ruth 1:6 so she got up with her daughters and returned from the country of moab, because she had heard in moab of moab that the lord had visited his people to give them bread.

Ruth 1:7 so she went out from the place where she was, and her two women with her, and they went on the way to return to the land of judah.

Ruth 1:8 noomi said to her brideground, " go, return each one to her mother ' s house. let the lord show you mercy, just as you have done with the dead and with me.

Ruth 1:9 let the lord give you rest, that each one may find rest in her husband. " so she kissed them, and they raised their voice and weeped.

Ruth 1:10 and said to her, " we will return with you to your people. "

Ruth 1:11 but noomi said, " turn back, my daughters. why can you go with me ? do i still have sons in my womb that are your husbands ?

Ruth 1:12 return back, my daughters, because i have become old for a husband, because i said that i have a confidence, and if i become a husband, i will give children.

Ruth 1:13 will you accept them until they become great ? you will be possessed for them without to be a man ? not, my daughters, for it is greater for me than you, because the hand of the lord has gone out against me. "

Ruth 1:14 then they raised their voice and weeped again. then orpa kissed her mother-in-law, but ruh followed her.

Ruth 1:15 so noomi said, " look, your women has returned to her people and to her gods. return too, follow your women. "

Ruth 1:16 but rut said, " do not destroy me to destroy you or to turn away from you. for where you go i will go, and where you stay i will live. your people will be my people, and your god is my god.

Ruth 1:17 where you will die i will be put to death and there i will be buried. may the lord make this with me and more to more, if death will skill away from me and you. "

Ruth 1:18 when noomi saw she had been strengthened to go with her, she would never speak to her.

Ruth 1:19 so they went both, until they came to bethlehem. when the whole city was about them, they said, " is this noomi ? "

Ruth 1:20 but she said to them, " do not call me noomi, call me mara, because the all-powerful has been revealed to me.

Ruth 1:21 i went full and the lord turned me back. why can you call me noomi, because the lord has completed me, and the al-powerful has afflicted me ? "

Ruth 1:22 so noomi returned with her brideground ruth the moabitian, who returned from the country of moab. they came to bethlehem at the beginning of the harvest reast.

Ruth 2:1 noomi had a fathered man of her husband, a powerful man of the family of elimelech, named boaz.

Ruth 2:2 rut the moabitian said to noomi, " let me go into the field to gather some wheats after the one i find grace in his eyes. " noomi replied, " go, daughter ! "

Ruth 2:3 so she went and gathered together and gathered together in the field after the seary. so the food of the field was to boaz who was of the descendant of elimelech.

Ruth 2:4 so boaz came from bethlehem and said to the harvest, " may the lord be with you ! " they replied, " may the lord thank you ! "

Ruth 2:5 so boaz asked his servant who was over the harvest, " who is this woman ? "

Ruth 2:6 the child who was over the harvest answered, " it is a moabitian who returned with noomi from the country of moab.

Ruth 2:7 she said, ' let me gather together and gather them among the garns after the harvest. " so she came and stood from the morning until the next day, because she had left a little rest on the field. "

Ruth 2:8 so boaz said to rut, " listen, my daughter ! do not go to gather on another field and do not go from here, but hold yourself with my girves.

Ruth 2:9 look at the field that they harvest and follow them. i have commanded the servants not to touch you. whenever you have thirsty, go to the powers and drink of what the children drink. "

Ruth 2:10 she fell down with his face to the ground and worshiped before the ground and said to him, " why did i have found grace in your eyes to recognize me, since i am a fremder ? "

Ruth 2:11 boaz answered her, " it was revealed to me everything you have done with your mother-in-law after your husband, and how you have left your father and your mother and your birth, and went to a people that you did not know before.

Ruth 2:12 may the lord give your works, and may your reward be full from the lord god of israel, under whom you came to confidence under his wings ! "

Ruth 2:13 she replied, " let i find grace in your eyes, my lord. you have consoled me and spoken to your slave slave, though i am not like one of your slaves. "

Ruth 2:14 now at the time of the food boaz said to her, " come here, eat the bread, and put your bread in the sharp water. " so rut sat along of the harvest, and boaz gave her food, and she ate and was filled, and she left.

Ruth 2:15 when she got up to gather, boaz ordered his servants, saying, " let she collect also among the garns, and do not be ashamed of her. "

Ruth 2:16 then carry up others to her from the gather and let her leave, so she should gather it, and do not rebuke her. "

Ruth 2:17 so she gathered in the field until the afternoon, and seized what she had gathered, and it was about a efa gerste.

Ruth 2:18 so she took it and went into the city. when her mother-in-law saw what she had gathered, rut gave her what she had left, and gave her what she had left.

Ruth 2:19 her mother-in-law asked her, " where have you gathered today, and where did you ? blessed is the one who knows you ! " rut reported to her mother-in-law where she had done, and said, " the man to whom i have done this day is boaz. "

Ruth 2:20 then noomi said to her bridegrow, " blessed is the lord because he has not forgiven his mercy to the living or the dead. " noomi said to her, " the man is a near us, he is one of our parents. "

Ruth 2:21 the moabit-moabita, " he also said to me, ' continue with my servants until they have finished the whole harvest i have. "

Ruth 2:22 so noomi said to her daughter ruh, " it is good, daughter, that you will go with his daughters, and they will not fall against you on another field. "

Ruth 2:23 so she kept fast to the girl of boaz to gather until the harvest and the wear was fined. so she remained with her mother-in-law.

Ruth 3:1 but noomi, her mother-in-law, said to her, " daughter, will i look for you a rest so that you may be good ?

Ruth 3:2 now does boaz, whose girl you were with his girves, does not boaz not be our fellow fellow daughter.

Ruth 3:3 get your clothing, anoine yourself, and put your clothing on yourself and get up to the dresser. but do not be known to the man until he has finished to drink and drink.

Ruth 3:4 whenever he lives, let you know where he lives. come and reveal his feet and get down, and he will tell you what you should do. "

Ruth 3:5 rut replied, " i will do everything you say. "

Ruth 3:6 so she went down to the dresser and did everything that her mother-in-law had commanded him.

Ruth 3:7 when boaz had eaten and reased and was glad, he went to dorm at the side of the cald. so she went in secret, revealed his feet.

Ruth 3:8 at midnight the man was greatly astonished and was greatly distressed, and look, a woman lag at his feet.

Ruth 3:9 then he asked, " who are you ? " she replied, " i am rut, your slave slave. put your vinger on your slave slaves, because you are a suffering. "

Ruth 3:10 he said, " blessed be you from the lord, daughter ! your last mercy has been greater than the first, because you did not follow women or poor or rich. "

Ruth 3:11 now do not be afraid, daughter ! i will do to you everything you say, for all the family of my people know that you are a powerful woman.

Ruth 3:12 in fact, i am toward the truth, but there is one who is greater than i am.

Ruth 3:13 stay along in the night. whenever he releases you, let it be good. but if he does not release you, i will save you. so well as the lord lives, leep down to the morning. "

Ruth 3:14 so she got down at his feet until the morning. but she got up before the one was known with another. but boaz said, " let no one be known that a woman has come into the tree. "

Ruth 3:15 then he said to her, " bring the clothing that is on you. " so she kept it. then he measured sex gers of gerse and placed it on it. then she went into the city.

Ruth 3:16 when rut came to her mother-in-law, she asked, " who is you, daughter ? " she told her everything that the man had done for her.

Ruth 3:17 and said, " these six thousand of weast he gave me, because he said to me, ' let you never enter your mother-in-law. ' "

Ruth 3:18 she said, " sit down, my daughter until you know how this way will fall, for the man will not remain until he has completed this way. "

Ruth 4:1 so boaz went up to the door and sat there, and look, the wall about whom boaz had spoken had passed through. " boaz said to him, " go and sit here. " so he turned and sat down.

Ruth 4:2 so boaz took ten men from the elders of the city and said, " sit here. " so they sat down.

Ruth 4:3 then he said to the lame, " noomi who returned from the country of moab has given the felt of the field that was for our brother elimelech.

Ruth 4:4 and i said, " i will reveal your ohr and say, ' build it before my elders and the elders of my people. if you arrest you, send it. if you are not forced, tell me that i will know that there is no one behalf you except you, and i am after you. " he replied, " i will rescue. "

Ruth 4:5 boaz said, " when you creature the field from noomi, you also possess it from ruth the moabita, the wife of the dead, to rebuild the name of the dead in his possessions. "

Ruth 4:6 then the parenter said, " i cannot help me, so that i may not destroy my arvedel. give my possession for yourself, for i cannot help it. "

Ruth 4:7 now in the former time, in israel, was this : for releasing every message, the man turned his sandals and gave it to his neighbor. this was a testimony in israel.

Ruth 4:8 then the parent said to boaz, " take it for you ! " so he taken his sandals away.

Ruth 4:9 then boaz said to the elders and to the whole people, " you are today witnesses that i have possessed from noomi everything that belonged to elimelech, all the possessions of kiljon and mahlon.

Ruth 4:10 so also i have companied my wife both the moabita rut, the wife of mahlon, to reveal the name of the dead in his possession, so that the name of the one who has died will be divided among his brothers and from the cition of his own countryside. you are witnesses today. "

Ruth 4:11 then all the people who were in the city and the elders said, " we are witnesses ! may the lord give the woman who comes into your house like rachel and lea, who both built the house of israel. make power in ephrata and be a name in bethlehem !

Ruth 4:12 let your house be like the house of perez, whom tamar gave to judah, from the descendants that the lord will give you from this slave woman. "

Ruth 4:13 so boaz took rut and she became his wife. he entered her, and the lord gave her birth, and she gave birth to a son.

Ruth 4:14 the women said to noomi, " blessed be the lord who has not rejected you today, so that his name may be called in israel !

Ruth 4:15 he will be a contempt for you and reject your harm, because your bridegrow who loves you has given him, who is better for you than seven sons. "

Ruth 4:16 so noomi took the child and placed it in her side, and she became a guard for him.

Ruth 4:17 the neighbors called him a name, saying, " noomi has been born a son. " so they called obed. he was the father of isaes, david ' s father.

Ruth 4:18 this is the family of perez : perez the father of hezron,

Ruth 4:19 esron the father of ram, ram the father of amminadab,

Ruth 4:20 amminadab the father of nahshon, nahshon the father of salmon,

Ruth 4:21 salmon the father of boaz, boaz the father of obed,

Ruth 4:22 obed the father of jesse, jesseah the father of david. look, then say, " sit down, daughter until you know how the affection will fall. for the man will never remain until he has completed this way. "

I Samuel 1:1 there was a man from rama in the mountain of calpa ( called elkana ), son of jerameel, son of elijah, son of tohu, son of tohu, a efraima.

I Samuel 1:2 elkana had two wives : the name of one was hanna and the other peninna. peninna had children, but hanna had no child.

I Samuel 1:3 so the man went up every year from his town to worship and to offer sacrifice to the lord of the leaders in silo. there were eli and his two sons, hofni and phinehas, were priests of the lord.

I Samuel 1:4 at the day elkana offered sacrifice, he gave his wife peninna and all her sons and her daughters part.

I Samuel 1:5 but to hanna he gave one part, because he loved hannas, but the lord had seized her mouth.

I Samuel 1:6 because the lord did not give her child according to her affliction and endurance of her suffering, because the lord had destroyed her child because he did not give her child. "

I Samuel 1:7 so she was practicing this year after year, when she went up to the house of the lord. and she weeped, but was not eating.

I Samuel 1:8 her husband elkana said to her, " hanna, why are you weeping ? why do you not eat ? why then your heart is difficulted ? am i not better for you than ten children ? "

I Samuel 1:9 as they were eating and eaten in silo, hanna stood and stood before the lord. ( now eli, the priest, seated on a seat at the temple of the temple of the lord.

I Samuel 1:10 she was hard in spirit and prayed to the lord with weeping and weeping.

I Samuel 1:11 she promised a nazir and said, " lord of the leaders, if you look at your slave slave and remember me and give your slave home, then i will give him to the lord for all his days, and there will never ascend his head. "

I Samuel 1:12 now when she prayed many times before the lord, eli saw her mouth.

I Samuel 1:13 ( now hanna was speaking in her heart, but her lips spoke, but she did not hear his voice. so eli thought that she was drunk.

I Samuel 1:14 and eli said to her, " how long will you be drunk ? leave your wine ! "

I Samuel 1:15 but hanna replied, " no, lord, i am a hard married woman, and i have not drink wine or drunk, but i have gathered my life before the lord.

I Samuel 1:16 do not give your slave wife as a brief daughter, for i have revealed to now because of my great suffering and suffering i have revealed to now. "

I Samuel 1:17 eli answered, " go in peace, and the god of israel will give you what you asked him. "

I Samuel 1:18 she said, " let your slave slavin find grace in your eyes ! " so the woman went on her way, and ate, and her face was not revealed.

I Samuel 1:19 the morning they got up and worshiped the lord, then they returned and went home in rama. elkana realized his wife hannas, and the lord remembered her.

I Samuel 1:20 now after some days she became concealed and gave birth to a son, whom he named samuel, because she said, " i asked him from the lord. "

I Samuel 1:21 so the man elkana and his entire household went up to sacrifice the daily sacrifice and his promise.

I Samuel 1:22 but anna was not ascended, but said to her husband, " until the child is going up, i will bring him away so that he may be seen before the lord and remain there for ever. "

I Samuel 1:23 her husband elkana said to her, " do what you think for good. stay down until you have laid him away. may the lord confirme what you have gone. " so her woman remained and suffered her son until she caught him away.

I Samuel 1:24 when she had brought him to him, she brought him to silo with a third horse, a efa fish of fish and a batch wine. she brought it into the temple of the lord in silo.

I Samuel 1:25 when they brought it before the lord, his father died the sacrifice he had offered every year to the lord. so the child came up and killed the beast. so hanna, the mother of the child, came to eli.

I Samuel 1:26 she said, " my lord, as well as you live, your lord ! i am the woman who stood before you to pray to the lord.

I Samuel 1:27 i prayed for this child, and the lord gave me what i asked him.

I Samuel 1:28 and i will give him to the lord always as long as he lives.

I Samuel 2:1 and hanna said, " my heart is strengthened in the lord, my horn is exalted in the lord, my mouth is exalted against my enemies, for i rejoice in your salvation.

I Samuel 2:2 there is no holy like the lord, for there is no one except you, and there is no one like our god.

I Samuel 2:3 do not speak high speech from your mouth ! for the lord is a god of knowledge, and god prepares his deeds.

I Samuel 2:4 the bound of the powerful are suffered, and the weak have cined with power.

I Samuel 2:5 the one who is hungry are suffered with bread, and the hungry have completed the land, for barren has born seven, the great children is slandered.

I Samuel 2:6 he lives and lives, he throws down into the hades and leads away.

I Samuel 2:7 the lord lives and rich, he humbles and exalts.

I Samuel 2:8 he reveads the poor from the ground and rejects the poor away to sit down with rulers of people, and inherit them the throne of glory.

I Samuel 2:9 the righteous person practices his companions, but the righteous are difficult, because man does not help him with power.

I Samuel 2:10 the lord will make sin against him, the lord is holy. let the wise rejoice by his wise, and the powerful should not boast in his power, and the rich should not boast in his power. instead the rich should boast about his wealth, but the rich should boast in his wealth, but the one who boasts about it will rejoice, knowledge and righteousness in the midte of the earth. "

I Samuel 2:11 then elkana went back to rama, and the child was working to the lord before eli the priest.

I Samuel 2:12 but the sons of eli were devoted people, who did not know the lord.

I Samuel 2:13 this was the condemnation of the priests from the people. when anyone sacrificed a sacrifice, the priest ' s slave came, as the flesh was set, and had a hair in his hand.

I Samuel 2:14 then he struck it into the pot, the pot, or the pot, or whatever the flock went up, the priest welcomed for himself. so they did with all the israelites coming to silo.

I Samuel 2:15 yet before the flesh had offered the flesh, the servant of the priest came and said to the man who had sacrificed, " give it a flesh to eat for the priest, for he will not take away food from you, but lead. "

I Samuel 2:16 and if the man said, " first let the flesh will be incensed first, and take whatever you want. " he said, " no, now give it now. if not, i will receive it much. "

I Samuel 2:17 the sin of the children was very great before the lord, because they were looking for the sacrifice of the lord.

I Samuel 2:18 samuel was serving before the lord, a child dressed with a efod.

I Samuel 2:19 his mother made a little boot to him and brought to him every year when she went up with her husband to offer the year sacrifice.

I Samuel 2:20 then eli blessed elkana and his wife and said, " may the lord give you children from this woman for the need that you have given to the lord. " then they went to his home.

I Samuel 2:21 and the lord remembered hannas, and she became very very and two daughters. but the child samuel became great in the presence of the lord.

I Samuel 2:22 but eli was along, and when he heard what his sons had done to the people of israel.

I Samuel 2:23 and he said to them, " why are you doing these things ? for i hear about these things from all the people.

I Samuel 2:24 do not do this, my children ! what i hear is not good for you to serve the people of the lord.

I Samuel 2:25 if someone sins against a man, he will pray to god for him, but if someone sins against him, who will pray for him ? " but they did not listen to their father ' s voice, because the lord intended to destroy them.

I Samuel 2:26 now the little child samuel became great and good before both the lord and the people.

I Samuel 2:27 then a man of god came to eli and said, " so says the lord, " have i not revealed to your father while they were in egypt to the house of pharaoh ?

I Samuel 2:28 and i have chosen from all the tribes of israel to be a priest for me to offer on my altar, offering incense and find the efod for me ? and i gave the family of your father all the sacrifices of the people of israel ?

I Samuel 2:29 why then are you looking up to my offering sacrifice and my sacrifice that i have offered for my own sacrifice ? and have you praised your sons more than me, so that you are revealed to the first offering of all my offerings of israel before me ?

I Samuel 2:30 for this reason, the lord, the god of israel, says, ' i have said that your family and your father will live before me for ever. but now, says the lord, no longer ! for i will glorify those who glorify me, but those who reject me will be rejected.

I Samuel 2:31 look, the days will come, and i will destroy your descendants and the descendant of your father ' s house.

I Samuel 2:32 " and you will not be an old in my house always.

I Samuel 2:33 but i will not destroy anyone from my altar from my altar to destroy his eyes and destroy his life, but every abundance of your house will fall by a human seed.

I Samuel 2:34 this is the sign that will happen to your two sons, hofni and phinehas : they will both live on a single day.

I Samuel 2:35 then i will rebuild a faithful priest, who will accomplish everything that is in my heart and in my soul. to him i will build a believers for him, and he will walk before my unsealed always.

I Samuel 2:36 the rest of your house will come to worship him with a scroll of silver coins, saying, ' throw me into one of your priests to eat bread. ' "

I Samuel 3:1 now the child samuel was serving the lord before eli ' s presence. in those days the lord ' s word was precious in those days, and no visions was distressed.

I Samuel 3:2 at that time, while eli was sleeping in his place ( for his eyes were completely completed and was not able to see,

I Samuel 3:3 now the lamp of god was before it was prepared, and samuel was sleeping in the temple where the ark of god was.

I Samuel 3:4 so the lord called samuel. he replied, " here me am ! "

I Samuel 3:5 then he courted to eli and said, " here i am, because you called me. " but he replied, " i have not called you. return down. " so he returned and sleeped.

I Samuel 3:6 then the lord called a second time : " samuel ! " so he went to eli the second time and said, " here i am, because you called me. " but he said, " i have not called you. go down and sleep. "

I Samuel 3:7 now samuel had not known the lord, and the word of the lord was revealed to him.

I Samuel 3:8 then the lord called samuel a third time. so he got up and went to eli and said, " here i am, because you called me. " so eli knew that the lord had called the child.

I Samuel 3:9 then saul said to samuel, " go and sleep. if he calls you, ' speak, lord, for your slave listens. ' " so samuel went and laid in his place.

I Samuel 3:10 so the lord came and stood and called him as the former time, " samuel, samuel ! " samuel replied, " speak, for your slave listens ! "

I Samuel 3:11 then the lord said to samuel, " look, i will do what i say in israel, that whoever will listen about it will have two ears.

I Samuel 3:12 at that time i will fulfill about eli everything i have spoken about his house, beginning and completing.

I Samuel 3:13 i have revealed him that i will punish his house to ever because he has committed his sons, because his sons were blaspheming against him, but he did not repay them.

I Samuel 3:14 so i sure the house of eli that the transgression of the house of eli will not be rejected with incense or sacrifice. "

I Samuel 3:15 so samuel remained until the morning. then he opened the door of the house of the lord. but samuel was afraid to report the vision to eli.

I Samuel 3:16 so eli said to samuel, " samuel, son of ! " he replied, " here i am ! "

I Samuel 3:17 then he asked, " what is what he spoke to you ? do not secree it to me. god may tear you both and now more, if you secret anything from me from everything that he spoke to you. "

I Samuel 3:18 so samuel told all the things and did not grap it. he said, " he is the lord. he should do what is good before him. "

I Samuel 3:19 so samuel became great, and the lord was with him, and no one of his words fell to the earth.

I Samuel 3:20 the whole israel from dan to beerseba realized that samuel was faithful to be a prophet of the lord.

I Samuel 3:21 so the lord continued to be revealed in silo, because the lord was revealed to samuel. so samuel believed that he could become a prophet to the lord from the ends of the earth to the other.

I Samuel 4:1 now this reason the philistins gathered together to combation against israel, and israel went out to commit against them, and they bowed camp at eben-ezer, but the philistijs were bound at afek.

I Samuel 4:2 and the philistians assembled to combation against israel, and the battle incited, and israel was killed before the philistijites, and they were laid in the field in the field for four thousand man.

I Samuel 4:3 when the people came to the camp, the elders of israel said, " why has the lord seized us today before the philistijs ? let us take the ark of the testimony of the lord from silo, so that it may come among us and save us from the hand of our enemies ! "

I Samuel 4:4 so the people sent to silo and brought the ark of the lord, the lord seated among the cherubs, and the two sons of eli, hofni and phinehas, stood with the ark of the lord, the lord.

I Samuel 4:5 now when the ark of the law of the lord came into the camp, all the israelites shouted out with a loud voice, so that the earth was shaken.

I Samuel 4:6 when the philistijs heard the voice of the voice, they said, " what is this great shouting in the camp of the hebreans ? " so they recognized that the ark of the lord had come into the camp.

I Samuel 4:7 the philistians were afraid, because they said, " god has come into the camp. " and they said, " woe to us ! this has not happened before before.

I Samuel 4:8 woe to us ! who will release us from this great god ' s hand ? this is the god who have killed the egyptians with all plagues in the wilderness.

I Samuel 4:9 " be strengthened and become men, philistins, so that you will not serve the hebreans, just as they have served us. become men and strike against them ! "

I Samuel 4:10 so the people of israel were bathered, and the israelites were seized, and each one flowed to his home. there was a great plage, so that thirty thousand were died from israel.

I Samuel 4:11 the ark of god was taken up, and the two sons of eli, hofni and phinehas, died.

I Samuel 4:12 a benjamenians ran from the strict and came to silo at that day, clothed his clothes and food on his head.

I Samuel 4:13 when he came, eli was sitting at a straff by the way, because his heart was astonished for the ark of god. when the man went into the city to proclaim this proclaim, the whole city shouted out.

I Samuel 4:14 when eli heard the voice of a shouting, he asked, " what is this suffering ? " so the man came and went and reported this to eli.

I Samuel 4:15 eli was about foventy-four years, and his eyes stood up and he could not see. )

I Samuel 4:16 the man said to eli, " i am who came from the slavery today. " he asked, " what has happened, my son ? "

I Samuel 4:17 the servant replied, " israel was flow before the philistijs, and there is a great plage among the people. your two sons, finehas and pinehas, have been dead, and the ark of god is taken up. "

I Samuel 4:18 when he remembered the ark of god, saul fell from the sick from the side of the city, broke his flesh and died, because he was a old and sure man. he was judged to israel for twenty years.

I Samuel 4:19 his daughter, her wife, the wife of phinehas, was encouraged to birth. when she heard the message that the ark of god was taken up and that her mother-in-law and her husband had been dead, she shouted down and bord, because the grains had returned her.

I Samuel 4:20 when she was died, the women who stood there with her said to her, " do not be afraid, because you have planted a son. " but she did not answer and did not repay it.

I Samuel 4:21 she called the child ikabob, saying, " birth ! " for the ark of god ' s ark and for her mother-in-law and her husband.

I Samuel 4:22 he said, " glory of israel is destroyed, because the ark of god has been taken away. "

I Samuel 5:1 the philistian took the ark of god and brought it from eben-ezer to asdod.

I Samuel 5:2 then the philisters took the ark of god and brought it into the house of dagon and stood it along of dagon.

I Samuel 5:3 when the aschdods got up, they saw dagon leeping down with his face to the ground before the ark of god, down with his face to the ground before the ark of god. they raised dagon and brought him to his place.

I Samuel 5:4 when they got up the morning, dagon saw down with his face to the ground down with his face to the ground before the ark of the lord. dagons ' s head and the two hands of his hands were gathered on the door of the door, but dagon was left.

I Samuel 5:5 for this reason the priests of dagon and all those who enter dagon ' s house will stand in asdod on the path of dagon in asdod.

I Samuel 5:6 but the hand of the lord was greatly greatly over the asdod, and he explained the people of asdod and her province.

I Samuel 5:7 when the people of asdod saw that it was so, they said, " the ark of the god of israel must not live with us, because his hand is hard against us and against dagon our god. "

I Samuel 5:8 so they sent and gathered all the rulers of the philists to them and said, " what should we do with the ark of the god of israel ? " they replied, " let the ark of the god of israel go to gath. " so they turned the ark of the god of israel to gath.

I Samuel 5:9 but when they had leading it, the hand of the lord was against the city with a great distress. he struck the people of the city, both little and great.

I Samuel 5:10 then they sent the ark of god to ekron. when the ark of god entered ekron, the ekronians cried out, " they have brought the ark of the god of israel to us to put us and our people to be killed ! "

I Samuel 5:11 so they sent out and gathered all the rulers of the philists and said, " send the ark of the god of israel to go back to her place, so that it may not put us and our people to death. " for there was a hair of death in the whole city. god was greatly distressed there.

I Samuel 5:12 the people who were not dead were taken up with muckles, and the rop of the city went up to heaven.

I Samuel 6:1 now the ark of the lord was in the land of the filistijs seven months.

I Samuel 6:2 then the philistins called the priests and the magicers, saying, " what must we do with the ark of the lord ? tell us how we should send it back to her place. "

I Samuel 6:3 they replied, " if you send the ark of the god of israel, do not send it out, but repay her a sacrifice for sin. then you will be healed, and you will know why his hand has not rejected from you. "

I Samuel 6:4 they asked, " what is the sacrifice of greet sacrifice that we will repay her ? " they replied, " for for the number of the rulers of the philists, for there is a plage among you, your rulers, and the people.

I Samuel 6:5 therefore make the images of your fables and the images of your fables, who destroy the earth, and give god of god glory. vielless he endures his hand from you, from your gods, and from your land.

I Samuel 6:6 why then do you hard your hearts, as the egyptians and pharaoh endured their hearts ? did he not send them away and sent them away ?

I Samuel 6:7 now take a new woz and put two new oxes without their child, and gather the bees in the wagn and lead their children away from them to the house.

I Samuel 6:8 then take the ark of the lord and place it on the wagn, and put the goldenen vattle that you give to her as a expiação for sin, put in a foundation on the side of it, and send it out, so that she may go away.

I Samuel 6:9 then see : if she went on the way of her region by bethsemes, he has done for us this great evil. but if not, we will know that his hand has not seized us, but that this has happened to us. "

I Samuel 6:10 the people did so. they took two clow horns and gathered them in the wagn, but their children threw up in the house.

I Samuel 6:11 then they put the ark of the lord to the wagn and the clock with the gours of gold.

I Samuel 6:12 so the horns continued on the way to bethsemes. they went on one way and stood and did not leave the right or left. the philisters ' rulers followed them until the region of bethsemes.

I Samuel 6:13 now the people of bethsemes seized the harvest in the vald. when they looked up they saw the ark, they rejoiced it.

I Samuel 6:14 the wagn went into the camp of joshua the bethsemes, and stood there. there was a great stone. they scattered the tree of the wagn and offered the bees as a brance to the lord.

I Samuel 6:15 the lévites brought the ark of the lord and the stone that was with it with the golden wages, and they placed it on the great stone. now the people of bethsemes offered sacrifices and sacrificed sacrifices on that day to the lord.

I Samuel 6:16 when the five rulers of the philistins saw this, they returned to ekron at that day.

I Samuel 6:17 these are the goue of gold that the philists gave to the lord as a expiator : one for asdod, one for gaza, one for ascalon, one for gath, one for ekron.

I Samuel 6:18 the golden whears according to the number of all the towns of the philistins, from the five provinces, from the beautiful towns, and to the great stone, on which they put the ark of the lord. it is in the camp of joshua the beth-shemesh.

I Samuel 6:19 but the lord struck to the people of bethsemes because they had seen the ark of the lord, and he struck some seventy men and fifty thousand people. so the people mourned because the lord had loved a great plage among the people.

I Samuel 6:20 the people of bethsemes said, " who can stand before the lord this holy god ? to whom will he go from us ? "

I Samuel 6:21 they sent messengers to the inhabitants of kirjat-jearim, saying, " the philisters have brought the ark of the lord. come down and bring it up to yourselves. "

I Samuel 7:1 so the people of kirjat-jearim came and brought the ark of the lord and brought it into the house of abinadab on the heuntain, and they sanctified his son eleazar to guard the ark of the lord.

I Samuel 7:2 now from the day the ark was passed in kirjat-jearim had many days, and there were twenty years. so all the house of israel followed the lord.

I Samuel 7:3 then samuel said to the whole israel, " if you return to the lord with your whole heart, take away the others and astarts from among you, and make your hearts to the lord and serve only him, so he will save you from the hand of the philistins. "

I Samuel 7:4 so the people of israel divided the baals and the astaroth and served the lord alone.

I Samuel 7:5 then samuel said, " gather all israel to mizpa, so i will pray for you to the lord for you. "

I Samuel 7:6 so they gathered together in mizpa and washed water and poured it before the lord, and fasting on that day, and said, " we have sinned against the lord ! " so samuel taught the israelites in mizpa.

I Samuel 7:7 when the philistians heard that the people of israel had assembled together in mizpa, the rulers of the philistins went up against israel. when the israelites heard this, they were afraid of the philistijs.

I Samuel 7:8 so the israelites said to samuel, " do not present us to call to the lord our god, so that he will save us from the hand of the philisters. "

I Samuel 7:9 so samuel took a single bock and offered it to the lord as a holocauunt. so samuel called to the lord for israel, and the lord answered him.

I Samuel 7:10 now as samuel was offering the holocausts, the philistins went up to combation against israel. but the lord donked on that day with a loud voice against the philistins, and stumbled them, so that they were struck before israel.

I Samuel 7:11 so the men of israel went out of mispa and persecuted the philistins and killed them until they were under bethchor.

I Samuel 7:12 then samuel took a stone and placed it among mizpa and sen, and called it ebenezer, saying, " until now the lord has healed us. "

I Samuel 7:13 so the filistijs were humbled, and they did not come again to the region of israel, but the hand of the lord was against the philistins in all the days of samuel.

I Samuel 7:14 the towns that the philistijs had taken away from israel were formed to israel, from ekron to gat, and the region of israel rejected from the hand of the philisters. and there was peace among israel and the amoreens.

I Samuel 7:15 so samuel was teaching of israel during all his life.

I Samuel 7:16 so he went on each year around bethel, gilgal, and mispa, and he taught israel in all these places.

I Samuel 7:17 so he returned to rama, because there was his house. there he taught israel, and he built there a altar to the lord.

I Samuel 8:1 when samuel was revealed, he made his sons to judge as richers over israel.

I Samuel 8:2 his first son was joel, and his second son was abijah. they were richers in beerseba.

I Samuel 8:3 but his sons did not follow his way, but turned to follow the destruction, accepted gifts and deceived justice.

I Samuel 8:4 then all the rulers of israel assembled together and came to samuel to rama.

I Samuel 8:5 and said to him, " look, you have become ald, and your sons don ' t follow your way. now put a king over us to justify us, as all the nations are. "

I Samuel 8:6 it was evil before samuel, because they said, " give us a king to justify us ! " so samuel prayed to the lord.

I Samuel 8:7 then the lord said to samuel, " listen to the voice of the people everything they tell you, for they have not rejected you, but he has rejected me so that i would not reign over them.

I Samuel 8:8 like all the deeds they have done from the day i led them out of egypt until this day and have forgiven me and served others dieux.

I Samuel 8:9 now listen now to them, but testify to them and tell them the judgment of the king who will reign over them. "

I Samuel 8:10 so samuel said all the words of the lord to the people who asked him a king.

I Samuel 8:11 he said, " this is the defense of the king who will reign over you : he will take your sons and make them in his ways and for his heests, and they will go before his ways.

I Samuel 8:12 he will put them over commanding officers and hundreders, to reap his harvest, and to reap his harvest, and to make his strict of harm and wagns of his ways.

I Samuel 8:13 and the daughters of your daughters will he take as fearers, backs, and backs.

I Samuel 8:14 he will take your bears, your vineyard, your good olives, and will give them to his servants.

I Samuel 8:15 he will take your descendants and your vineyard and give the tienden to his eunuchs and his servants.

I Samuel 8:16 he will take your slaves and slaves and your good bears and your esels he will take and remove for his work.

I Samuel 8:17 he will take your sheep, and you will be his slaves.

I Samuel 8:18 in that day you will cry out for your king whom you have chosen for yourselves, but the lord will not listen to you. "

I Samuel 8:19 but the people would not want to listen to samuel ' s words. they said, " no, let we have a king over us,

I Samuel 8:20 so we too will be like all the nations, and our king will judge us, and he will go before us and make our battle. "

I Samuel 8:21 when samuel heard all the words of the people, he spoke them to the lord ' s ears.

I Samuel 8:22 then the lord said to samuel, " listen to their voice and reign a king over them. " so samuel said to the people of israel, " go each one to his town. "

I Samuel 9:1 there was a man from the benjaminin named kis, son of abiel, son of seror, son of bachir, son of afek, a son of a benjaminita.

I Samuel 9:2 he had a son named saul, a good man ' s man. there was no good man among the israelites than he. he was more exalted than all the people.

I Samuel 9:3 then the esels of kis, the father of saul, were divided. then kis said to his son saul, " take one of the men with you and get up and look for the esels ! "

I Samuel 9:4 so they went through the mountain of ephraim and through the region of salka, but did not find it. then they went through the land of saalim, but did not be there. so they went through the land of benjamin, but did not find it.

I Samuel 9:5 when they came to the region of suf, saul said to his servant who was with him, " come, let us return, so that my father does not destroy the esels and share about us. "

I Samuel 9:6 but the slave said to him, " look, there is a man of god in this city, and he is a glorious man. whatever he says, it will come. let us go. vielhe he will tell us the way we are going to go. "

I Samuel 9:7 saul said to his boy, " but if we go, what should we bring to the man ? for the bread has been rejected from our charges, and we have no more to bring to the man of god. what do we have ? "

I Samuel 9:8 the slave answered saul again, " look, i have a fourth silver coins in my hand. i will give the man of god so that he may tell us our way. "

I Samuel 9:9 now in israel, when someone was going to ask god, " come, let us go to the siener. ' for the prophets they first call the seer. )

I Samuel 9:10 saul said to his slave, " you say what you say. come and let us go. " so they went to the city where the man of god was.

I Samuel 9:11 as they went up by the way of the city, they found the girl coming out to cut water. they asked them, " is the seer here ? "

I Samuel 9:12 they replied, " there is he ! look, he is before you. look, he has come to the city because the people have now offered sacrifice on the mountain.

I Samuel 9:13 whenever you enter the city, you will find him before he went up to the mountain to eat, for the people will not eat until he comes, because he practices the sacrifice. then those who have been seized eat will eat. so come up, for this day you will find him ! "

I Samuel 9:14 so they went up to the city. when they went into the city, samuel came out to meet them to go up the mountain.

I Samuel 9:15 now a day before saul came, the lord revealed to samuel, saying,

I Samuel 9:16 " tomorrow to this time i will send a man from the land of benjamin to you, and you will anoine him as child over my people israel. he will save my people from the hand of the philistijs, because i have looked to see my people, because their rouble has come to me. "

I Samuel 9:17 when samuel saw saul, the lord said to him, " look, this is the man about whom i said to you : ' this will domines my people ! "

I Samuel 9:18 so saul came to samuel in the middle of the city and said, " tell me where the seer is there ? "

I Samuel 9:19 samuel answered saul, " i am the same. get up before me on the high place, and you will eat with me today. early in the morning i will send you away, and i will tell you everything you have in your heart.

I Samuel 9:20 and concerning the esels that have been perishing for three days, do not get your heart to them because they are found. and to whom is everything that is most in israel ? is it not for you and all your father ' s family ? "

I Samuel 9:21 saul answered, " i am not a beniamin, from the little of the tribes of israel, and my tribe is the minor from all the tribes of benjamin ? why then do you say this to me ? "

I Samuel 9:22 so samuel took saul and his servant and brought them into the household. he gave them a place among those who were called - about seventy men.

I Samuel 9:23 then samuel said to the master, " give me the part i have given you, about which i said to you, ' put it down with you ! "

I Samuel 9:24 then the guard raised the staff and put it before saul. then samuel said, " look, there is a rest. put it before you and eat, because i have sent it for you for a testimony, when i sent it to you. " so saul ate with samuel that day.

I Samuel 9:25 so they went down from the mountain in the city, and saul spoke with saul on the roof.

I Samuel 9:26 when the morning came up, samuel called saul on the roof and said, " get up, so i will send you away. " so saul stood up, he and samuel, and went out to outside.

I Samuel 9:27 as they were coming down on the other side of the city, samuel said to saul, " tell the young man that he must pass before us. " you then stood, and i will speak the word of god. "

I Samuel 10:1 then samuel took the clock of olives, poured it on his head and kysmed him and said to him, " has not the lord anointed you as ruling ruler over his people israel ? you will reject the people of the lord and you will save him from the hand of his enemies alone. this is the sign for you that the lord has anointed you to be his own arvedel. "

I Samuel 10:2 when you today go away from me, you will find two men by the tomb of rachel, in the region of benjamin. they will say to you, ' the esels you went to look is found. your father has reased the message of the esels, but is distolled because of you and says, ' what should i do for my son ? '

I Samuel 10:3 when you will go from there from there, you will come to the terebinthe terebinth. there you will find three men going up to god in bethel. one draws three bats, the other drack three bread and the other a bear of wine.

I Samuel 10:4 they will ask you peace, and they will give you two loaves, and you will take it from their hand.

I Samuel 10:5 after this you will enter god ' s heuntain where the philistians are. whenever you enter the city, you will find a food of prophets descending from the high room, and before them will be harp, tamburing, harp, and harp, and they will prophesy.

I Samuel 10:6 the spirit of the lord will come on you, and you will prophesy with them, and you will turn to another man.

I Samuel 10:7 when these miraculous signs will come to you, do what your hand finds, for god is with you.

I Samuel 10:8 then you will go down before gilgal, and look, i will come down to you to offer sacrifices and sacrifices of peace. you will remove seven days until i come to you, and i will tell you what you should do. "

I Samuel 10:9 now when saul refused to go away from samuel, god gave him another heart, and all these miraculous signs came in that day.

I Samuel 10:10 when they came to the mountain, a tried of prophets appeared against him. then the spirit of god came on him, and he prophesied among them.

I Samuel 10:11 when all who knew him already, saw that he was with the prophets, they said to each other, " what has happened to the son of kis ? is saul among the prophets ? "

I Samuel 10:12 someone of the crowd answered, " and who is their father ? " so he became a parable : " is saul also among the prophets ? "

I Samuel 10:13 when he had finished prophecy, he went to the mountain.

I Samuel 10:14 the son of saul asked him and his servant, " where did you go ? " saul replied, " to look for the esels, but when we saw they were not, we went to samuel. "

I Samuel 10:15 the son of saul said, " tell me what samuel told you. "

I Samuel 10:16 saul said to his officers, " he told us that the esels have been found. " but he did not tell him what the kingdom reported about the kingdom.

I Samuel 10:17 so samuel called the people to the lord in mizpa.

I Samuel 10:18 then he said to the people of israel, " so says the lord, the god of israel, ' i have brought israel up from egypt, and i saved you out of the hand of the egypts and from the hand of all the rigs who afflicted you.

I Samuel 10:19 but you have rejected your god who saved you from all your evil and troubles, and said to him, ' give a king over us ! ' now stand up before the lord according to your tribes and generations. "

I Samuel 10:20 so samuel brought up all the tribes of israel, and the tribe of benjamin was possessed.

I Samuel 10:21 then he brought to the tribe of benjamin for their tribes, and the family of matri arrested. then saul, the son of kis, was arrested. they were looking for him but did not be found.

I Samuel 10:22 so they asked the lord again, " is this man who comes here ? " the lord replied, " look, he is hidden among the powers. "

I Samuel 10:23 so they went and brought him from there. when he stood in the middle of the people, he was more exalted than all the people.

I Samuel 10:24 then samuel said to the whole people, " you see whom the lord has chosen ? there is no like him in all of you. " then the whole crowd cried out, " let the king live ! "

I Samuel 10:25 then samuel told the people the judgment of the king and wrote it in a book and placed it before the lord. then samuel sent all the people, each one to his home.

I Samuel 10:26 saul went to his home in gibea, and a powerful people who had touched god their hearts, went with saul.

I Samuel 10:27 the other sons said, " what will he save us ? " so they defiled him and did not receive him a gift.

I Samuel 11:1 then nahas the ammonita went up and streated against jabesh in gilead. all the people of jabes said to nahas, " make a covenant with us, and we will serve you. "

I Samuel 11:2 but the ammonita nahas said to them, " in this way i will make a covenant with you, to destroy every right eye of you, so that i will make a confusion over all israel. "

I Samuel 11:3 the men of jabes said to him, " leave us seven days, so we will send messengers into all the regions of israel. if there is no one to save us, we will go out to you. "

I Samuel 11:4 when the messengers came to gibea of saul, they spoke these words to the people. then all the people raised their voice and weeped.

I Samuel 11:5 so saul came coming after the morning from the field. saul asked, " what is it that the people weeping ? " so they reported to him the words of the men of jabes.

I Samuel 11:6 when saul heard these words, the spirit of god came over saul, and his wrath became enraged.

I Samuel 11:7 he took two oxes and broke them in pieces and sent them into all the regions of israel through angels, saying, " the one who does not follow saul and samuel will have done with his oxes. " then there was great fear of the lord over the people, and they went out as a single man.

I Samuel 11:8 he gathered them in bezek, and the people of israel were seventy thousand, and the people of judah were seventy-thousand.

I Samuel 11:9 then they said to the angels coming, " tell the people of jabesh in jabesh, ' tomorrow, when the sun comes, you will come to you. " so the messengers came and reported it to the people of jabesh, and they were glad.

I Samuel 11:10 so the men of jabes said, " tomorrow we will go out to you, and you will do with us whatever you are good. "

I Samuel 11:11 the next day saul divided the people in three rulers, and they went in the camp in the morning prison and killed the ammonites until the day was healed. the rest of them were dispersed, and there were nothing of them together.

I Samuel 11:12 then the people said to samuel, " who is the one who said, ' saul will reign over us ? ' give these men and let us put them to death. "

I Samuel 11:13 but saul said, " this day no one will be killed, because today the lord has done a deliverance in israel. "

I Samuel 11:14 then samuel said to the people, " let us go to gilgal and make the kingdom there. "

I Samuel 11:15 so all the people went to gilgal and anointed saul to the presence of the lord in gilgal, and there they offered pacifics there before the lord. so saul and all the people of israel were glad there.

I Samuel 12:1 samuel said to all the people of israel, " look, i have heard your voice in everything you said to me, and i have made a king over you.

I Samuel 12:2 now look, the king is going in your presence. i have already already old and sitting, and my sons are among you. i have went before you from my youth until this day.

I Samuel 12:3 look, listen to me before the lord and before his christ : whose kalf have i taken, whose eselin have i taken, whose esely have i taken ? whose encouragement ? of who have i taken a encouragement, and report my sandals for me, so i will repay you. "

I Samuel 12:4 but they replied, " you have not condemned us, you have not performed us or received anything from anyone ' s hand. "

I Samuel 12:5 he said to them, " the lord is a witness against you, and his christ is a witness on that day that you have found nothing in my hand. " they replied, " he is witness. "

I Samuel 12:6 samuel said to the people, " the lord who made moses and aaron and brought your ancestors out of the land of egypt.

I Samuel 12:7 so stand up now here, so that i will be judged with you before the lord about all the righteousness that the lord has done for you and your ancestors.

I Samuel 12:8 when jacob entered egypt and your ancestors shouted out to the lord, the lord sent moses and aaron, who brought your ancestors out of egypt and brought them in this place.

I Samuel 12:9 but they dimented the lord their god, and he vended them in the hand of sisera, the commanding oştier of hazor, and in the hand of the philistijs, and in the hand of the king of moab, who bowed against them.

I Samuel 12:10 then they cried out to the lord and said, " we have sinned, because we have forgiven the lord and served the baals and the ashers. but now remove us from the hand of our enemies, and we will serve you. "

I Samuel 12:11 then the lord sent jerubbaal, barak, jephtah, and samuel, and he saved you out of the hand of your enemies from all time, and you live trying in trying.

I Samuel 12:12 but when you saw that nahas the king of the ammonites has come against you, you said, ' no, but a king will reign over us. ' but the lord your god is our king.

I Samuel 12:13 now look, this is the king whom you chosen, and look, the lord has given a king over you.

I Samuel 12:14 if you fear the lord and serve him and listen to his voice and not rebell against the commandment of the lord, you and the king who reigns over you will follow your lord your lord.

I Samuel 12:15 but if you do not obey the voice of the lord and rebelles against the commandment of the lord, then the hand of the lord will be against you and against your children.

I Samuel 12:16 so stand up and see this great thing that the lord will do before you.

I Samuel 12:17 is not the reast of the fever on today ? i will call to call the sound and rain, so that you may know and see that your evil deeds that you have done before the lord, ask for yourselves a king. "

I Samuel 12:18 so samuel called to the lord, and the lord gave donder and rain that that day. then all the people were greatly afraid of the lord and of samuel.

I Samuel 12:19 then all the people said to samuel, " pray for your servants to the lord your god, that we may not die, because we have continued this evil for all our sins to ask for ourselves a king. "

I Samuel 12:20 samuel said to the people, " do not be afraid ! you have done all this evil, but do not depart from the lord and serve the lord with all your heart.

I Samuel 12:21 and do not follow foolish things, who do nothing and will not release, because they are nothing.

I Samuel 12:22 for the lord will not reject his people because of his great name, because the lord has desired to take you to be his own people.

I Samuel 12:23 and i do not be away to me to sin against the lord, to find to pray for you, but i will show you the good and right way.

I Samuel 12:24 but be afraid to the lord and serve him in truth with all your heart, because you see what great things he has done for you !

I Samuel 12:25 but if you practice evil, you and your king will be taken away. "

I Samuel 13:1 but if you practice evil, you and your king will be taken away. "

I Samuel 13:2 he called three thousand people of israel. two thousand were with saul in michmas and on the mountain of bethhel, and there were a thousand with jonatan in gibeah in benjamin. the rest of the people he sent each one to his home.

I Samuel 13:3 then jonatan died the guard of the philistins in gibeah, and the philistins heard it. saul bound the trumpet throughout the whole land, saying, " let the slaves listen ! "

I Samuel 13:4 now all the israelitans heard that they were saying, " saul has ruiled the guard of the philistins, and israel has become confused against the philistins. " so the people shouted out to saul in gilgal.

I Samuel 13:5 now the philistians were gathered to combation against israel, thirty thousand of waves, sex thousand horsemen, and a multitude like the sand of sand on the sea. they went up and lead camp at michmas, in the east of beth-aven.

I Samuel 13:6 when the israelitians saw that they were suffering, the people were hidden in spelonches, in docks, in rocks, in tombs, and in grouts.

I Samuel 13:7 the hebreers went through the jordan river to the land of gad and gilead. but saul was still in gilgal, and all the people were astonished after him.

I Samuel 13:8 so he left seven days, as the testimony samuel had told. but samuel did not come to gilgal, and the people were dispersed from him.

I Samuel 13:9 then saul said, " bring him to sacrifice the holocausts and sacrifices of peace. " so he offered the offering offering.

I Samuel 13:10 now when he had finished the offering of the holocausts, samuel came. saul went out to meet him to make him thanks.

I Samuel 13:11 but samuel said, " what did you doing ? " saul replied, " because i saw that the people spread off from me and you did not come in the testimony of the days, but the philistians were assembled at michmas,

I Samuel 13:12 then i said, " now the philistins will come down to me to gilgal, and i have not begged the lord ' s presence. " so i encouraged me and offered the holocaust. "

I Samuel 13:13 but samuel said to saul, " you have done nothing against you, because you have not obeyed the commandment of the lord your god, which he commanded you. for now the lord has prepared your kingdom over israel to all time.

I Samuel 13:14 but now your kingdom will never stand. the lord has seeking for himself a man according to his mind, and he commanded him to be a ruler over his people, because you did not obey what the lord commanded you. "

I Samuel 13:15 so samuel got up and went from gilgal to gibea of benjamin. when saul mustered the people who were with him, about six hundred men.

I Samuel 13:16 saul and his son jonathan and the people who were there with them remained in gibeah of benjamin, but the philistijs were accamped in michmas.

I Samuel 13:17 then the corruptions came out of the country of the philistins to three rulers. the one ruling crowd turned on the road of ofra, to the land of soal,

I Samuel 13:18 the other first region went on the way of bet-horon, and the other group went on the way that leads to the sea of sebin.

I Samuel 13:19 there was no charge in all the region of israel, because the philistians said that the hebreans should not make the sword or speech.

I Samuel 13:20 so the people of israel went down to the philistins to gather each one his scroll, his cloak, his hair, his sickle,

I Samuel 13:21 when the harvest was ready to reap the wheal, the sick, the sickel, and the sickle of the sickles.

I Samuel 13:22 now on the day of the battle there was not found or sword or spies in the hand of all the people who were with saul and jonatan, but saul and his son jonatan were found.

I Samuel 13:23 now the plan of the philistins came out at the other side of michmas.

I Samuel 14:1 a day jonatan, the son of saul, said to his man who was his wapendrager, " come, let us go to the plan of the philisters that is on the other side ! " but he did not tell his father.

I Samuel 14:2 saul was seated on the extrem of gibea under the grandeur that was in migron. about seventy men were with him.

I Samuel 14:3 ahija, the son of ahitub, a brother of jokebed, the son of phinehas, the son of eli, who was a priest of the lord in silo. the people did not know that jonatan had gone.

I Samuel 14:4 among the passes where jonatan looking to go over to the region of the philistins, was a rock of rock from each side. the one was named boses and the other sene.

I Samuel 14:5 the other way was on the nord against michmas, the other on the negev, ahead of geba.

I Samuel 14:6 then jonatan said to his sherf, " come, let us go to the guard of these uncircumcised people. may the lord do anything to us, because there is no power for the lord to save by many or for little. "

I Samuel 14:7 his waffenser said to him, " do whatever you have in heart ! go away ! i am with you just as you want. "

I Samuel 14:8 then jonatan said, " look, we will go to the men, and we will spend us to them.

I Samuel 14:9 if they says to us, ' stay there until we come back to you, ' then we will stand at ourselves and will never ascend to them.

I Samuel 14:10 but if they says, ' come up to us, ' we will ascend, because the lord has given them in our hand. this is the sign to us. "

I Samuel 14:11 when they were both entered the plan of the philistins, the philistins said, " look, the hebreans are going out of their spies where they have been flown. "

I Samuel 14:12 so the men of the crowd answered jonatan and his wapendrager, " come up to us, we will tell you a message. " then jonatan said to his wapendrager, " follow me, for the lord has given them in the hand of israel. "

I Samuel 14:13 then jonatan went up on his hands and feet, and his waffenser with him. they looked before jonatan, and his wayer struck after him.

I Samuel 14:14 the first plage that jonatan and his wapendrager loved there were about twenty men, in a stretch of a stretcher of a hall.

I Samuel 14:15 then there was distressed in the lead, in the field, and in all the people. the suffering and the destructs were astonished, and the earth was greatly astonished, and there was a distress from god.

I Samuel 14:16 the officers of saul in gibeah in benjamin saw that the crowd was distressed from each side and from the other side.

I Samuel 14:17 then saul said to the crowd who was with him, " look and see who has gone from us ! " so they revealed that jonatan and his waffenser could not be found.

I Samuel 14:18 then saul said to ahijah, " bring the ark of god ! " for the ark of god was in that day with the people of israel.

I Samuel 14:19 but while saul was speaking to the priest, the suffering in the camp of the philistins was greater. so saul said to the priest, " put up your hand ! "

I Samuel 14:20 then saul and all the people who were with him shouted out, and they came to the battle. and look, the sword of each man was against his neighbor, a great plage.

I Samuel 14:21 the slaves who had been with the philistins, who had gone up to the barracks, also returned to the israelitans who were with saul and jonatan.

I Samuel 14:22 when the israelitans who had been secret in the mountain of ephraim heard that the philistins had gone off, they also followed them to the battle.

I Samuel 14:23 so in that day the lord saved israel, and the battle went through bethon. all the people were with saul about ten thousand people, and the battle was dispersed in the whole city in the mountain of ephraim.

I Samuel 14:24 but the people of israel were revealed on that day, because saul rejected the people, saying, " cursed be the one who eats bread until evening, so that i will punish my enemies ! " but all the people did not eat bread.

I Samuel 14:25 so all the people came to the wall, where there was a flock on the face of the field.

I Samuel 14:26 when the people came into the mouth, look, they were speaking. but no one could put his hand into his mouth because the people were afraid of the oath.

I Samuel 14:27 but jonatan did not hear when his father swear the people. so he extended the finger of his speech that had in his hand and taught it in a honey of honey and placed his hand to his mouth, and his eyes were revealed.

I Samuel 14:28 then one of the people answered, " your father has joined the people with a oath, saying, ' cursed be the one who eats bread today ! ' " so the people were destroyed.

I Samuel 14:29 jonatan replied, " my father has completed the earth. see how my eyes have seen that i have completed this little honey.

I Samuel 14:30 but if the people would eat today from the buil that they found to their enemies ? it would not be the greater plage against the philistins ? "

I Samuel 14:31 so they struck the philistins on that day from mikmas until ajalon, and the people were greatly distressed.

I Samuel 14:32 so the people were thrown up to the build, took sheep, hors, and bears and killed them on the ground, and the people eaten with blood.

I Samuel 14:33 when saul reported this reason, they said, " the people have sinned against the lord, eating with blood. " he said, " you have transgressed. reject me a great stone. "

I Samuel 14:34 then saul said, " spread out among the people and tell them, ' bring each one of you his kalf and his sheep and slack it there, and eat and eat not against the lord, eat with blood. " so all the people, each one of them, brought his bear and killed it there.

I Samuel 14:35 so saul built a altar to the lord. this was the first altar that he bought for the lord.

I Samuel 14:36 then saul said, " let us go down the philisters in the night and take them away until the morning lives, and let no one remain among them. " they replied, " do whatever you want good. " the priest replied, " let us come here here. "

I Samuel 14:37 then saul asked god, " i will come down to follow the philisters ? you will give them in the hand of israel ? " but he did not answer him that day.

I Samuel 14:38 then saul said, " come here, all the rulers of the population, and know what has this sin completed today.

I Samuel 14:39 for so to the lord who save israel, if he says to my son jonatan, he will be put to death. " but there was no one who answered him from all the people.

I Samuel 14:40 then he said to the whole israel, " you will be one side, and i and my son jonatan will be on the other side. " the people said to saul, " do what are good in your eyes. "

I Samuel 14:41 then saul said, " lord, god of israel, why did you not answer your slave today ? may the unrighteousness be in me or to jonatan my son ? lord, god of israel, give urim ! if you say this in your people israel, ' give what is holy ! " so jonatan and saul went out, and the people went out.

I Samuel 14:42 then saul said, " throw out the message among me and jonatan, my son whom the lord lives down. " the people replied to saul, " this is nothing. " so saul forced the people and throwed it among him and his son jonatan. so jonatan was loved.

I Samuel 14:43 then saul said to jonatan, " tell me what you have done. " jonatan told him, " i have guilted a little honey in the spick of the spice i had in my hand. look, i will be put to death. "

I Samuel 14:44 so saul said, " god may make this way to me and now more, that you must die, jonatan ! "

I Samuel 14:45 but the people said to saul, " jonathan will be put to death, who has made this great salvation in israel ? not ! so not ! so so as the lord lives, no hair of his head will fall down on the earth, for he has done with god this day. " so the people prayed jonatan, and he did not be died.

I Samuel 14:46 so saul went away from persevering the philisters, and the philistians went to their place.

I Samuel 14:47 now when saul had completed the works of israel, he striked around all his enemies, against moab, the ammons, edom, the king of zoba, and the philistins. whatever he returned he was escaped.

I Samuel 14:48 he committed power and struck the amalecites. he saved israel from the hand of those who treated him.

I Samuel 14:49 the sons of saul were jonatan, jissia, and malkisua. his two daughters were the name of the firstborn merab and the other michal.

I Samuel 14:50 his wife ' s wife was ahinoam, daughter of ahimaas. the name of his lame was abner, son of ner, son of saul.

I Samuel 14:51 kish, the father of saul, and ner, the father of abner, were the son of abiel.

I Samuel 14:52 now a great battle battle against the philistins were in all the days of saul. and when saul saw every man, a powerful man, he gathered them to him.

I Samuel 15:1 samuel said to saul, " the lord sent me to anoine you as king over the people of israel. now listen to the voice of the lord. "

I Samuel 15:2 so says the lord of the leaders : " now i will punish what amalek has done for israel, because he followed him on the way when he went up from egypt.

I Samuel 15:3 get and strike the amalec, and take away everything he possess, and take nothing from them, but kill both men and woman, children, little children, bears, camels, camels, camels ! "

I Samuel 15:4 so saul convocted the people and mustered them in telaim : there were four thousand thousand feet and three thousand of judah.

I Samuel 15:5 so saul went to the city of amalek and dressed on the torrent.

I Samuel 15:6 then saul said to the keneens, " go away, depart from the amalekians, so that i will not destroy you with them, because you have done your mercy to all the people of israel when they went up from egypt. " so the keneens turned from among the amalekians.

I Samuel 15:7 so saul died the amalec from havila to shur, that is ahead of egypt.

I Samuel 15:8 he taken agag, the king of amalek leave, but all the people he destroyed with the sword of the sword.

I Samuel 15:9 but saul and the people forced agag and the best of the sheep, the beast of the beast, the beast of the beast, the beast of the beast, the wheat, and all that was good. they did not want to destroy them, but they destroyed everything that was rejected or rejected.

I Samuel 15:10 then the word of the lord came to samuel, saying,

I Samuel 15:11 " i urge that i have made saul as king, because he has returned from me and does not obey my words. " so samuel became encouraged, and he called to the lord all the night.

I Samuel 15:12 the morning on the morning samuel went to saul. they meldered to samuel, saying, " saul has come to karmel and stapped a hand for himself. then he returned and went down to gilgal.

I Samuel 15:13 when samuel came to saul, saul said to him, " blessed are you from the lord ! i have fulfilled what has spoken. "

I Samuel 15:14 but samuel said, " what is this for the round of the sheep that is in my ears, and what is the sound of horns i hear ? "

I Samuel 15:15 saul replied, " they have brought them out of amalek, for the people have rejected the greatest of the sheep and the horns to offer the offering to the lord your god. but the rest i have destroyed. "

I Samuel 15:16 then samuel said to saul, " get and i will tell you what the lord has spoken to me at the night. " saul said to him, " speak. "

I Samuel 15:17 samuel said, " since you were not little before you, you were a child of the tribes of israel, and the lord has anointed you to be king of israel ?

I Samuel 15:18 and the lord sent you into the way and said, ' go and destroy those who sins against me, the amalekians, and combation against them until you have completed them. '

I Samuel 15:19 why then did you not obey the voice of the lord, but went on the buil and did what is evil in the eyes of the lord ? "

I Samuel 15:20 saul said to samuel, " i have heard the voice of the lord and went on the way where the lord sent me, and i brought agag the king of amalek, but i destroyed the amalekians.

I Samuel 15:21 but the people took from the buil sheep and hors, the first of the destruction, to offer sacrifice to the lord your god in gilgal. "

I Samuel 15:22 samuel said, " is it pleasing to the lord brances and sacrifices, as to listen to the voice of the lord ? praise is better than sacrifice, and persection is better than the grass of berders.

I Samuel 15:23 for adultery of adultery is suffering, and devotion and suffering of terafim. because you have rejected the word of the lord, and he has destroyed you not to be king of israel. "

I Samuel 15:24 saul said to samuel, " i have sinned because i have transgressed the commandment of the lord and your words, because i feared the people and heard their voice.

I Samuel 15:25 but now forgive me my sins and return with me, so i will worship the lord. "

I Samuel 15:26 but samuel said to saul, " i will not return with you, because you have rejected the word of the lord, and the lord has destroyed you not to be king of israel. "

I Samuel 15:27 but when samuel turned to go away, saul turned his mantel off and destroyed it.

I Samuel 15:28 then samuel said to him, " this day the lord has revealed the kingdom of israel from you and gave it to another who is better than you.

I Samuel 15:29 and the division of israel will not remain or repent, because he is not a man to repent. "

I Samuel 15:30 saul replied, " i have sinned, but give me also glory before my people and before my people. return with me, so i will worship the lord your god. "

I Samuel 15:31 so samuel returned after saul, and saul worshiped the lord.

I Samuel 15:32 then samuel said, " bring agag, the king of amalek. " agag came along to him, and agag said, " in fact, death is bitterly bitterly. "

I Samuel 15:33 but samuel said, " just as your cuchild has divided women, so your mother will be children from among the women. " so samuel died agag before the lord in gilgal.

I Samuel 15:34 so samuel went to rama, but saul went up to his home, to gibea.

I Samuel 15:35 so samuel did not see saul until his death, for samuel mourned about saul, and the lord repented that he had made saul king over israel.

I Samuel 16:1 then the lord said to samuel, " how long will you mourn about saul, since i have rejected him not to reign over israel ? plan your horn with olive oil, and come. i will send you to isai the bethlehem, because i have seen you a king among his sons. "

I Samuel 16:2 but samuel said, " how should i go ? saul will listen and kill me. " the lord replied, " take a kalf of hors and say, ' i have come to sacrifice to the lord. ' "

I Samuel 16:3 then do isai to the sacrifice, and i will make known to you what you should do. you will anoine the one i say to you. "

I Samuel 16:4 so samuel did what the lord had spoken. when he came to bethlehem, the elders of the city were astonished before him and said, " comes you with peace ? "

I Samuel 16:5 he replied, " peace. i have come to sacrifice to the lord. holy yourselves and rejoice with me to the sacrifice. " so he sanctified isai and his sons and called them to the sacrifice.

I Samuel 16:6 when they arrived, he saw eliab and said, " instead, his christ is before the lord ! "

I Samuel 16:7 but the lord said to samuel, " do not look at his appearing or to his ground, for i have rejected him. for god does not see what a person sees, for a person sees for the appearance, but the lord sees the heart. "

I Samuel 16:8 then isai called amminadab and put him over before samuel. but he said, " even this man has not chosen. "

I Samuel 16:9 so isai went away shamma. but he said, " even this man the lord has not chosen. "

I Samuel 16:10 so isai went through his seven sons before samuel. but samuel said to isai, " the lord has not chosen one of these. "

I Samuel 16:11 then samuel said to isaes, " are all the children ? " he replied, " there is still the little. he is the shepherd. " then samuel said to isaes, " send and take him, for we will not sit at the table until he comes back. "

I Samuel 16:12 so he sent and brought him. now he was a fever, full of eyes and good of visions. then the lord said to samuel, " get up and anoine him, for he is he. "

I Samuel 16:13 so samuel took the oil of olive oil and anointed him among his brothers. then the spirit of the lord came to david from that day and before. then samuel stood up and went to rama.

I Samuel 16:14 but the spirit of the lord left saul and a evil spirit came from the lord.

I Samuel 16:15 so the slaves of saul said to him, " look, a evil spirit from god plakes you.

I Samuel 16:16 let our lord tell your servants who are before you to ask a man who knows to spire with harp. whenever the evil spirit from god is on you, he will stop his harp, and you will be bear. "

I Samuel 16:17 so saul said to his slaves, " look at me a man who is able to spire, and bring him back to me. "

I Samuel 16:18 then one of the servants answered, " look, i have seen a son of jessé on bethleemites, who is known to cance, a wise man, a strict of battle and wise speaking, and the lord is with him. "

I Samuel 16:19 then saul sent messengers to isai, saying, " send your son david who is with the sheep. "

I Samuel 16:20 then isai took a gommer with bread, a bate of wine, one boot, and sent it to saul through his son david.

I Samuel 16:21 so david went to saul and stood before him, and he became a very love for him, and he became his waffenser.

I Samuel 16:22 then saul sent out to isai, saying, " let david stand before me, for he has found favor in my eyes. "

I Samuel 16:23 now when the evil spirit from god came over saul, david took the harp and spied out with his hand. so saul refured and was good to him, and the evil spirit left him.

I Samuel 17:1 the philistijites gathered their leaders to pelew. they gathered together to socho in judea and leaded the camp among socho and azeka, in efes-dammim.

I Samuel 17:2 saul and the people of israel were assembled and leading their camp in the camp of edom, and assembled to battle against the philistins.

I Samuel 17:3 the philistins stood there on the mountain, and the israelites stood on the mountain on the other side, and the vall was among them.

I Samuel 17:4 then a held man named goliat came out of the street of the philistians. his name was goliath from gath. he was a ross of four years and a spet.

I Samuel 17:5 he had a helm made on his head, and he was dressed with a free clothing, and the paight of his breature was five thousand of bronze and iron.

I Samuel 17:6 he had a shaper of bronze on his bears and a shaper of bronze in his pains.

I Samuel 17:7 the speck of his spick were like a wear of webering, and his spire was about seven hundred silver coins of iron iron. his scupener went ahead of him.

I Samuel 17:8 so he stood and called to the lame of israel and said to them, " why are you going out to make battle ? am i not a philisteo, and you saul ' s servants ? call a man who comes down to me.

I Samuel 17:9 if he is able to strike against me and kills me, we will be your slaves ; but if i help him and kill him, you will be our slaves and will serve us. "

I Samuel 17:10 then the philistion said, " i have today the stricts of israel on this day. give me a man, so we will rose ourselves. "

I Samuel 17:11 when saul and the whole israel heard the speech of the philistion, they were afraid and were greatly afraid.

I Samuel 17:32 david said to saul, " let the heart of my lord fall over him ! your slave will go and strike against this philister. "

I Samuel 17:33 but saul said to david, " you cannot go against this philister to combation against him, because you are a child, but he is a sold from his youth. "

I Samuel 17:34 david said to saul, " your servant had beaten his father ' s sheep. if a lew or a bost came and taken a sheep from the beast,

I Samuel 17:35 so i went out after him and killed him, threw out it out of his mouth. if he returned against me, i taken it in the bound, struck it and killed him.

I Samuel 17:36 your servant has killed the best and the lew, and this uncircumcised philister will be like one of them, because he has rejected the exercise of the living god. "

I Samuel 17:37 and david said, " the lord, who saved me from the lion and the beast, he will save me from this philister ' s hand. " then saul said to david, " go, and may the lord be with you. "

I Samuel 17:38 then saul put david in a clothing and put a brince of bronze on his head.

I Samuel 17:39 so david held his sword on his clothes and beared to go because he had not read it. then david said to saul, " i cannot go with these things, because i did not have seized it. " so david threw them away from his side.

I Samuel 17:40 so he took his staff in his hand and chose out five stone stones from the river and put them in the herp of the herder he had, and his staff in his hand. so he went to the philistyn.

I Samuel 17:42 when the philistian saw david, he rebuked him, because he was a little child, fever, and full of eyes.

I Samuel 17:43 then the philistion said to david, " am i a hund that you come against me with a staff ? " so the philister bleved david by his dieux.

I Samuel 17:44 then the philister said to david, " come to me, so i will give your flesh the wild birds and the wild birds. "

I Samuel 17:45 david replied to the philistian, " you come to me with the sword, the spix, and the sword, but i am going to you in the name of the lord of the leaders of israel, whom you has insulted.

I Samuel 17:46 that day the lord will give you in my hand, and i will kill you, and i will take your head away from you, and i will give your body that day to the wild birds and the wild birds, so that all the earth will know that there is a god in israel.

I Samuel 17:47 and all this people will know that the lord does not save by sword or spies, for the battle is from the lord, and he will give you into our hand. "

I Samuel 17:48 so the philister stood up and went to david.

I Samuel 17:49 then david stretched his hand into the charge and took a stone from there and struck it and struck the filistin on his forehead. then the stone chose in his forehead, and he fell with his face to the ground.

I Samuel 17:51 then david courted and stood before the philistian, took his sword and killed him and struck his head. when the philistiens saw that their help had been dead, they fugped.

I Samuel 17:52 then the men of israel and judah stood up and shouted out and persecuted the philisters until the city of gath and the gates of ekron. the surbiters of the philistins fell on the road of gataim, to gat and ekron.

I Samuel 17:53 so the israelitians returned to follow the philistins and destroyed their leaders.

I Samuel 17:54 so david took the philistin ' s head and brought it to jerusalem, but his cloaks he put in his tent.

I Samuel 18:6 then the citerers went out to help david from all the towns of israel with tamburin, joy, and cymbalos.

I Samuel 18:7 the women shouted out, " saul killed his thousand, but david his thousand. "

I Samuel 18:8 saul indigned this reason, and he said, " they gave to david thousand people, and to me they have given thousand. "

I Samuel 18:9 from that day saul looked up to david from that day and back.

I Samuel 18:12 so saul was afraid of david.

I Samuel 18:13 so saul divided him away from his own from himself and made him a commanding officer. so he went out and entered the people.

I Samuel 18:14 david was confident in all his deeds, and the lord was with him.

I Samuel 18:15 when saul saw that he was very intelligent, he was afraid for him.

I Samuel 18:16 but all the people of israel and judah loved david, because he was going out and entered them.

I Samuel 18:20 but michal, saul ' s daughter, loved david. when they heard this to saul, it was right before him.

I Samuel 18:21 saul said, " i will give it to him. " so he became a stumbling block for him. " so the hand of the philisters was on saul.

I Samuel 18:22 then saul commanded his servants, " speak to david secret, saying, " look, the king is willing for you, and all his servants love you. so be your wife to the king ! "

I Samuel 18:23 when the slaves of saul said these words to david, david replied, " is it what is right before you to become the king ' s wedding wedding ? i am a humble and none man. "

I Samuel 18:24 so the servants of saul told him, " this has david spoken. "

I Samuel 18:25 saul said, " say to david, ' the king will not want a foundation but a hundred uncircumcision of the philistins to punish justice for the enemies of the king. ' " but saul thought to throw him into the hands of the philisters.

I Samuel 18:26 when saul ' s servants told david these words, it placed david to be swife to the king.

I Samuel 18:27 so david stood and went with his people and struck two hundred of the philistians. he brought their uncircumcision and brought it to the king to become shepherd to the king. david gave him his daughter michal as a wife for him.

I Samuel 18:28 when saul saw that the lord was with david, and he loved him.

I Samuel 18:29 so he rejoiced david again and said,

I Samuel 19:1 saul said to his son jonatan and to all his servants to have david put to death. but jonatan, the son of saul, had formed david.

I Samuel 19:2 then jonatan told david, " he is trying to execute you. hold attention for morning and be secret and sit in secret.

I Samuel 19:3 so i will go out and stand ahead of my father on the field where you are, and i will speak about you to my father. if i see what he is, i will report it to you. "

I Samuel 19:4 then jonatan said good to david to his father saul and said to him, " let the king not sin against your servant david, because he has not sinned against you, but his acts have completed well.

I Samuel 19:5 he has put his life in his hand and struck the philistian. so the lord gave great salvation to all israel. you saw it and were glad. why then can you sin against uninnocent blood and put david to death for nothing ? "

I Samuel 19:6 saul heard jonatan ' s voice, and saul swore, " so soon as the lord lives he will not be put to death. "

I Samuel 19:7 so jonatan called david and told him all these words. then jonatan brought david to saul, and he was before him like before.

I Samuel 19:8 now there was a battle again. david began to strike against the philistins and struck to them a great plage, and they fugped before him.

I Samuel 19:9 then a evil spirit from the lord came to saul, while he sitting in his house with his spies in his hand, and david was speaking in his hand.

I Samuel 19:10 so saul wanted to strike his spies against david, but he stood away from saul, and he struck his spies into the wall. david went away and was saved.

I Samuel 19:11 saul sent messengers to the house of david to guard him and to kill him to the morning. but michal, his wife, reported to david and said, " if you did not save your life today, tomorrow you will be put to death. "

I Samuel 19:12 so michal descended david through the venster, and he went away and saved and saved.

I Samuel 19:13 then michal took the husfection, placed it on a bed, and put a boot of kez on his head and decepted it with a clothing.

I Samuel 19:14 when saul sent men to take david, she said, " he is sick. "

I Samuel 19:15 so saul sent a message to david, saying, " bring him to me on a bed to kill him. "

I Samuel 19:16 when the messengers came, they saw the bood on the bed, a chip of keeps on his head.

I Samuel 19:17 saul said to michal, " why have you provoked me so and sent my enemie so that he would be saved ? " michal replied to saul, " he said me to send me away. if not, i will kill you ! ' "

I Samuel 19:18 so david flowed and was healed, and he came to samuel in rama and reported to him everything saul had done. so he and samuel went and assed in naioth.

I Samuel 19:19 they told saul, " david is in naioth in rama. "

I Samuel 19:20 saul sent messengers to take david. when they saw the church of the prophets and samuel standing before them, the spirit of god came to the angels of saul, and they also began to prophesy.

I Samuel 19:21 when saul heard this, he sent other angels, but they also prophesied. then saul sent a third message and they too prophesied.

I Samuel 19:22 then he also went to rama. when he came to the dressed of the ground that is in seb, he asked where samuel and david were ? " they replied, " they are in naioth in rama. "

I Samuel 19:23 but when he went to naioth in rama, the spirit of god came to him too, and he began to prophesy until he came to naioth in rama.

I Samuel 19:24 so he threw his clothes and prophesied before john, and he fell naked all that day and the whole night. because of this they said, " is saul too among the prophets ? "

I Samuel 20:1 then david ran from naioth in rama and came and said to jonatan, " what have i done ? what is my transgression, what is my transgression against your father, that he seeks my life ? "

I Samuel 20:2 he said to him, " absolutely not ! you will never die ! my father does not do anything that is great or little, and he will not reveal me. why then will my father secret this things for me ? it is not. "

I Samuel 20:3 david replied, " your father knows that i have found the grace in your eyes. " but he said, " jonatan should not know this, so that he will not be intended. but so so just as the lord lives and your life is living, there is a distinction among me and death. "

I Samuel 20:4 then jonatan said to david, " what you want i should do for you. "

I Samuel 20:5 david said to jonatan, " tomorrow is a next new, and i will sit down with the king to eat. but send me away, so that i may be secret in the field until the next day.

I Samuel 20:6 if your father requests me, you say, ' david asked me to run to his town bethlehem, because there is a daily sacrifice for all his tribe.

I Samuel 20:7 if he says, ' it is good, ' it will be peace to your slave. but if he is hard, know that evil is completed from him.

I Samuel 20:8 therefore show mercy to your slave, because you have brought your slave to a covenant with the lord. but if there is any crime in me, you may have me to death. but why do you bring me to your father ? "

I Samuel 20:9 jonatan replied, " defiled not ! if i know that my father has been completed to come against you, i will tell you it not ? "

I Samuel 20:10 david said to jonatan, " who will tell me if your father will answer hard ? "

I Samuel 20:11 yonatan said to david, " go, let us go into the field ! " so they went out both to the field.

I Samuel 20:12 then jonatan said to david, " the lord, the god of israel, knows that i am going to judge my father at the very time, and if it is good for david, i will not send him to you and send it to you.

I Samuel 20:13 may god make this way to jonatan and so to be toward you, i will reveal you and send you away, so that you may go in peace. may the lord be with you just as he was with my father.

I Samuel 20:14 and if i am still alive, let you show mercy to me if i am going to death,

I Samuel 20:15 you will never remove your mercy from my house until ever, although the lord will remove every one of the enemies of david from the face of the earth. "

I Samuel 20:16 so jonatan divided his name with the house of david and said, " may the lord look for the enemies of david ! "

I Samuel 20:17 then jonatan added to david again because he loved the one who loved him.

I Samuel 20:18 at the next day jonatan said, " on the next new, you will repay that your place is gathered.

I Samuel 20:19 and in three times you may get away and go to the place where you have kept out at the day of working, and stay at the stone ezel.

I Samuel 20:20 so i will put out three pigs in the round, and i will send into the arrit.

I Samuel 20:21 then i will send the slave to say, ' go and find the pigs. ' if i say to the slave, ' look, the pigs are from you, take it her ! ' so come, for there is peace for you, and there is no way. so as the lord lives, there is no peace for you. "

I Samuel 20:22 but if i say to the young man, ' look, the pigs is here from you. go, for the lord has sent you.

I Samuel 20:23 and what we and you have spoken, the lord will be a witness among me and you to ever. "

I Samuel 20:24 so david was secret in the field. when the night came, the king sat on the table to eat.

I Samuel 20:25 then the king sat down at his place, at the side of the wall, and jonatan stood along, and abner sat ahead of saul, but david ' s place was revealed.

I Samuel 20:26 but saul did not speak anything on that day, because he said, " it has happened that he is not clean, he has not been clean. "

I Samuel 20:27 but the next day, the next day of the money, the place of david was revealed, saul said to his son jonatan, " why did the son of isaes eher and today to the table ? "

I Samuel 20:28 jonatan answered saul, " david asked me to go to bethlehem, his town.

I Samuel 20:29 he said, ' send me away, for our tribe is a sacrifice in the city, and my brother has commanded me. now if i have found grace in your eyes, let me go away and see my brothers. ' therefore he has not come to the table of the king. "

I Samuel 20:30 then saul became wrath against jonatan and said to him, " you devoted and distressed son ! i do not know that you are a companive of the son of isaes for your shame and for the shame of your mother ?

I Samuel 20:31 for in all the days the son of isaes lives on the earth, you or your kingdom will not be ready. send also a man and take him here, because he is death of death. "

I Samuel 20:32 jonatan said to saul, " why is he going to death ? what has he done ? "

I Samuel 20:33 so saul seized his spetch against him to execute him. so jonatan realized that his father had decided to put david to death.

I Samuel 20:34 so jonatan stood from the table with a hard anger and ate no bread on the second day of the money, because he was afraid of david because his father had completed him.

I Samuel 20:35 the next day jonatan went out to the field as he had commanded against david, and he had a little child with him.

I Samuel 20:36 he said to his child, " go and find the pils i am arried. " when the child ran, he struck up the pick through him.

I Samuel 20:37 when the boy came to the place where jonatan had seed, jonatan cried out to follow the boy, saying, " the pill is there from you ? "

I Samuel 20:38 then jonatan cried out to follow the child, " get quicchly and go not stand ! " the child of jonatan gathered the pigs and came to his master.

I Samuel 20:39 the child did not know anything, except jonatan and david had known what he had done.

I Samuel 20:40 then jonatan gave his property to his child, and said to him, " go and bring it into the city. "

I Samuel 20:41 when the child entered, david stood from the east, fell down with his face to the ground and worshiped three times. then they kissed each other and weeped.

I Samuel 20:42 then jonatan said, " go in peace, and just as we both spoke by the name of the lord, saying, ' the lord will be a witness among me and you, and from my descendants and your descendants will be completed to ever. " so david got up and went away, but jonatan went into the city.

I Samuel 21:1 whenever david came to nob to ahimelech the priest, ahimelech became astonished and said to him, " why are you alone, and there is no one with you ? "

I Samuel 21:2 david said to the priest ahimelec, " the king ordered me a order and said to me, ' let no one know about what i am sending you or that i have commanded you. ' i have testified to the children in the place that is called god.

I Samuel 21:3 now what you are in your hand ? give me five bread or what you finds. "

I Samuel 21:4 after this, the priest replied to david, " there is no profund bread in my hand, except holy bread. if the men ' s children are divided from women, they will eat. "

I Samuel 21:5 david answered the priest, " instead, we have been rejected by women as long ago, when i went out, all the children were holy. but this is the way that is unholy. this is the way that is holy, because it is today sanctified by mine. "

I Samuel 21:6 after this, the priest elimelech gave him the sacred bread, because there was no bread, except the food of the presence that were taken away from the presence of the lord, to make up something food on the day they were taken.

I Samuel 21:7 in that day there was one of the servants of saul who was assembled in that day in the presence of the lord. his name was doeg the edomita, a child of the officers of saul.

I Samuel 21:8 david said to ahimelech, " there is there in your hand a spille or a sword ? for i have not taken my sword or my gifts in my hand, because the king ' s order was eagerly. "

I Samuel 21:9 the priest replied, " there is the sword of goliath the philisteo whom you have killed in the vald of ela, seed in a clothing. if you take this, take, for there is no other than this. " then david said, " there is no one like it. give me it ! "

I Samuel 21:10 in that day david stood up and gave it to him. so david stood up and flowed on that day from saul, and he went to achis, king of gath.

I Samuel 21:11 the servants of achis said to him, " does not this david, the king of the earth ? does they not put out of this, saying, ' saul has killed his thousand, but david his thousand ? '

I Samuel 21:12 when david happened these things in his heart he was afraid of achis, king of gath.

I Samuel 21:13 on the journey, he seized his face in his presence, but in that day he destroyed by the door of the city, threw out on the door of the city, and rejected his back on his bart.

I Samuel 21:14 achis said to his servants, " look, you see a man who is blameless. why have you brought him back to me ?

I Samuel 21:15 " i am different, if you have brought this man in my presence ? can this man enter in my house ? "

I Samuel 22:1 so david went away from there and left to the spelonk of adullam. when his brothers and all his father heard this, they went down to him there.

I Samuel 22:2 then all who were in distress, all who were distressed, and all who were suffering, gathered to him. he became their ruler, and about four hundred man were with him.

I Samuel 22:3 from there david went to mispa in moab and said to the king of moab, " let my father and my mother be with you until i know what god will do with me. "

I Samuel 22:4 so he brought them before the king of moab, and they stayed with him all the time david was in the burder.

I Samuel 22:5 but the prophet gad said to david, " do not stay in the berce. go and go to the land of judah. " so david went and went to the walk of hareth.

I Samuel 22:6 saul heard that david and his people were known. saul was sitting in gibea under the tamard in rama, with his spies in his hand, and all his men stood near him.

I Samuel 22:7 then saul said to his servants who stood before him, " listen, benjaminites ! will the son of isaes give you all field and vineyards, and will he make you all of hundreders and commanding officers ?

I Samuel 22:8 for you have all assembled against me, and there is no one who revealed me that my son has made a covenant with the son of isaes. there is no one of you who refuses me and revealed this to me that my son has raised my servant against me to share me just as it is now ? "

I Samuel 22:9 then doeg the edomita, who was seated over the slaves of saul, answered, " i saw the son of isaes coming to nob, to ahimelech the son of ahitub.

I Samuel 22:10 so saul asked him to the lord and gave him food, and he gave him the sword of goliat the philister. "

I Samuel 22:11 then the king sent to call the priest ahimelech, the son of ahitub, and all his father ' s family, the priests in nob. so they were all to the king.

I Samuel 22:12 saul said, " listen, son of ahitub ! " he replied, " here, here, here ! "

I Samuel 22:13 saul said to him, " why have you gathered against me, you and the son of isaes, since you gave him bread and sword and asked god for him, that he would become a enemie against me, as it is now ? "

I Samuel 22:14 ahimelec answered the king, " and who is among all your servants who is faithful as david, the wedding wedding of the king, the ruler of your completion, and is glorious in your house ?

I Samuel 22:15 should i now ask for god to ask him ? absolutely not ! let the king give his slave or the entire family of my father, because your slave knew has not known about all these things, or little or great. "

I Samuel 22:16 but the king said, " you must live, ahimelech, you and all your father ' s family ! "

I Samuel 22:17 then the king said to the officers who stood there : " come and kill the priests of the lord, because they have their hand with david, and they have known that he flow and did not revealed to me. " but the officers of the king did not want their hands to strick the priests of the lord.

I Samuel 22:18 then the king said to doeg, " go you and throw them to the priests ! " doeg the edomita returned and died the priests, and died on that day for two hundred and five people who carried the efod.

I Samuel 22:19 and even the city of noba, the city of the priests, died to the fil of the sword, both men and wife, child, sheep, and sheep.

I Samuel 22:20 but one of the sons of ahimelech, the son of ahitub, who was named abiathar, flowed and followed david.

I Samuel 22:21 so abiathar reported to david that saul had killed the priests of the lord.

I Samuel 22:22 then david said to abiathar, " i knew at that day that doeg the edomita was to know, that he could tell saul. i am an charge for all the people of your father ' s house.

I Samuel 22:23 stay with me, do not be afraid, for the one who looks for my life will look for your life, because you will be confident with me. "

I Samuel 23:1 the man was reported to david, saying, " look, the philistins strike against kehila and destroy the dresses. "

I Samuel 23:2 then david asked the lord, " should i go and strike these philisters ? " the lord said to david, " go and strick the philistins and save kehila. "

I Samuel 23:3 but the men of david said to him, " look, we are fear here in judea. how then will we go to kehila against the philistians ? "

I Samuel 23:4 then david asked the lord again, and the lord answered him, " get up and go down to kehila, because i will give the philisters into your hand. "

I Samuel 23:5 so david and his people went to kehila and streated against the philistins. he brought their beast and seized them a great plage. so david saved the inhabitants of kehila.

I Samuel 23:6 now when abiathar, the son of ahimelech, fured away to david to kehila, he went with the efod in his hand.

I Samuel 23:7 when saul realized that david had come to kehila, saul said, " god has put him into my hand, because he has been convited and entered a town with ports and rives. "

I Samuel 23:8 so saul convocted all the people to combation to go down to kehila to arrest david and his people.

I Samuel 23:9 when david realized that saul would take evil on him, he said to the priest abiathar, " bring the efod away ! "

I Samuel 23:10 then david said, " lord, god of israel, your slave has heard that saul wants to come to kehila to destroy the city because of me.

I Samuel 23:11 will saul be rejected ? is saul going down, just as your slave has heard ? lord god of israel, tell your slave ! " the lord replied, " it will come. "

I Samuel 23:13 so david and his people, about four hundred, stood and went out from kehila and went where they were going. when saul heard that david had gone out from kehila, he refused to go out.

I Samuel 23:14 so david remained in the wilderness in the towns, and he stayed in the wilderness on the mountain of zif. saul were looking for him always, but god did not lage him into his hand.

I Samuel 23:15 when david saw that saul had gone out to look for him, he was in the horeside of zif.

I Samuel 23:16 so jonatan, the son of saul, stood and went to david in hores and strengthened him in god.

I Samuel 23:17 he said to him, " do not be afraid, because the hand of saul my father will not find you. you will reign over israel, and i will be the second of you. so saul my father knows this. "

I Samuel 23:18 so both they made a covenant before the lord. so david remained in hores, but jonatan went home.

I Samuel 23:19 then the zifites went up to saul to gibea and said, " david is not secret among us in the hores in the horesh, on the mountain hachila, who is on the right side of jesimon ? "

I Samuel 23:20 so then, o king, come down to us all the desire of your heart to come down. we will put him in the king ' s hand. "

I Samuel 23:21 saul said, " blessed be you from the lord because you have delighted about me !

I Samuel 23:22 go and repare still and recognize the place where his foot has been soon, where you have said he would be hard.

I Samuel 23:23 look and understand that we will go with you. if it is in the earth, i will experience him with all the tribes of judah.

I Samuel 23:24 so they stood up and went to zif before saul. but david and his people were in the wilderness of maon, in the east, on the right side of jesimon.

I Samuel 23:25 so saul and his people went to look for him. when they heard this to david, he went down to the rock and was in the wilderness of maon. when saul heard this he followed david in the wilderness of maon.

I Samuel 23:26 so saul went on the other side of the mountain, and david and his people were on the other side of the mountain. david was suffering to go from saul, but saul and his people walked against david and his people to arrest them.

I Samuel 23:27 then a message came to saul, saying, " rapid and come, because the philistijs have fallen down to the earth ! "

I Samuel 23:28 so saul turned away from persecuting david and went to meet the philisters. for this reason that place was called sela-hamaloth ).

I Samuel 23:29 as long ago, david went up from there and stayed in the towns of en-gedi.

I Samuel 24:1 after saul returned from force of the philistins, they told him, " david is in the wilderness of en-gedi. "

I Samuel 24:2 when david was in the journey, he took with him three thousand men from the whole israel, and went to look for david and his people on the round of the geeds.

I Samuel 24:3 immediately he came to the sheep of the flock that were on the road. there was a spelonk. saul went in to make ready, but david and his people were sitting in the inside of the spelonk.

I Samuel 24:4 in the night, the men of david said to him, " look, this is the day about whom the lord said to you, ' i will give your enemies in your hand, and you will do with him what you will be good. " so david stood up and taken off saul ' s break.

I Samuel 24:5 after this, the heart of david struck him, because he had taken the ross of his mantel.

I Samuel 24:6 immediately he said to his men, " let the lord not take this way to my lord, the christ of the lord, to lead my hand against him, because he is the christ of the lord. "

I Samuel 24:7 after this, david incited his husbands with his words and did not give them to stand up to saul. so saul stood up and went down to the way.

I Samuel 24:8 after this, david stood up after him from the spelonk, and called to follow saul, saying, " my lord and king ! " when saul looked back, david stood down with his face to the ground and worshiped him.

I Samuel 24:9 immediately david said to saul, " why do you listen to the words of the people who say, ' david is seeking your life ? "

I Samuel 24:10 at this way your eyes have seen that the lord gave you today in my hand in the spelonk. but i did not want to kill you, but i intended to kill you. but i said, ' i will not extend my hand against my lord, for he is the unstest of the lord. '

I Samuel 24:11 just as i appeares, i see that the break of your mantel is in my hand. when i taken the vinger and have not killed you, then know and see that there is no evil or rebellion against you, and that i have no transgression or rebellion against you, and that i have not committed against you. but you strike my life to take it.

I Samuel 24:12 " indeed, the lord will be just to judge among me and you, and the lord will give me justice from you, but i will not have my hand against you.

I Samuel 24:13 i will be just as the much parable says : ' transgression comes from the ungodly. ' but my hand will not be against you.

I Samuel 24:14 " because of whom the king of israel comes ? against whom are you persecuting ? a dead hond and one backel.

I Samuel 24:15 may the lord be just as a judge and judge among me and you. let the lord see and judge my judgment and justify me from your hand. "

I Samuel 24:16 when david had finished these words to saul, saul said, " is this your voice, my son david ? " so saul raised his voice and weeped.

I Samuel 24:17 saul said to david, " you are more righteous than i am, because you have repay me better, but i have recompened you evil.

I Samuel 24:18 today you have told me that you have done me good, because the lord loved me in your hand, but you did not kill me.

I Samuel 24:19 it is different, if someone finds his fellow christian, to send him out in a good way. the lord will repay him what you have done now.

I Samuel 24:20 indeed, now i know that you will reign to reign, and the kingdom of israel will stand in your hand.

I Samuel 24:21 indeed, and now, swear me now by the lord that you will not destroy my descendants after me and not destroy my name from my father ' s house. "

I Samuel 24:22 immediately david swore to saul. " then saul went to his home, but david and his people went up to the roof.

I Samuel 25:1 so samuel died. all the people of israel gathered together and mourned him. they buried him in his house in rama. then david stood up and went down to the wilderness of maon.

I Samuel 25:2 there was a man in maon, who had his sheep in carmel, who had three thousand flock and 1000 bocks. he was while he tossed his sheep in karmel.

I Samuel 25:3 the man ' s name was nabal, and the name of his wife was abigail. she was a fear of knowledge and good of mind, but the man was a hard and evil man in his deeds. he was a man of kaleb.

I Samuel 25:4 now when david heard in the wilderness that nabal stried his sheep,

I Samuel 25:5 so he sent ten men, who said to the men, " get up to karmel and go to nabal and ask him in my name,

I Samuel 25:6 and say to this time, ' may you be well ! well to your household, and peace to everything you have.

I Samuel 25:7 now i have heard that you are pearing. now your shepherds were with us, we did not hinder them, and we have nothing commanded them in all the time they were in karmel.

I Samuel 25:8 ask your servants, they will tell it to you. then let the servants find grace in your eyes, because we have come on a good day. give to your son and to your son david whatever you find. "

I Samuel 25:9 when the men of david came and said these words to nabal in the name of david and followed him.

I Samuel 25:10 but nabal answered the servants of david, " who is david, and who is the son of isaes ? now there are great slaves who ran out from his master.

I Samuel 25:11 then should i take my bread, my wine, my slaves that i have offered for my pearers, and give to people whom i do not know where they are from ? "

I Samuel 25:12 so the men of david turned back their way, and they returned and went and reported all these things to david.

I Samuel 25:13 then david said to his men, " let each one make his sword to life ! " each of them made his sword, and they followed david about four hundred men, and two hundred remained with his cloaks.

I Samuel 25:14 but one of the men told abigail the wife of nabal, saying, " david sent angels from the wilderness to praise our lord, but he rejected them.

I Samuel 25:15 but these men were great good for us. they did not deceive us or commanded us all the time we were with them when we were in the field.

I Samuel 25:16 they were a muro on our behalf, both night and day in all the days we were with them passing the sheep.

I Samuel 25:17 now then know and see what you should do, because evil is completed against our lord and his entire household. he is a chosen man, who is not able to speak to him. "

I Samuel 25:18 then abigail greatly took two hundred bread, two baskets of wine, five sheep prepared, five thousand of clothing, and two hundred roses ficks and placed them on the esels.

I Samuel 25:19 she said to his slaves, " go before me, and i am coming after you. " but she did not tell her her husband.

I Samuel 25:20 now when she was seated on a eselin, descending on the mountain of the mountain, david and his people came down to her, and she departed them.

I Samuel 25:21 david had said, " for unjustice i have guarded everything he possessed in the wilderness, and nothing has commanded everything he possessed. he has repay me evil for good.

I Samuel 25:22 may god do this to david and be so, if i have not left everything his possessions until the morning, i will not remain anything of everything he possess. "

I Samuel 25:23 when abigail saw david, she immediately went down from the eselin and fell with his face to the face to david and worshiped him.

I Samuel 25:24 so she stood on his feet and said, " in me, my lord, the unrighteousness ! let your slave slave speak to your ears and listen to the message of your slave woman.

I Samuel 25:25 my lord should not think his heart to this ungodly man nabal, for he is like his name. nabal is his name, and foolishness is with him. but i, your slave slave, has not seen the servants of my lord, whom you sent.

I Samuel 25:26 now now, my lord, so so as the lord lives and so to your life, the lord has destroyed you to come to innocent blood and to save you with your hand. so may your enemies and those who want evil to my lord be like nabal !

I Samuel 25:27 now this blessing that your slave slave has brought to my lord, let it be given to the children who follow my lord.

I Samuel 25:28 repay your slave slave ! for the lord will make a believing house to my lord because my lord belongs the guers of the lord and there will never find evil in you always.

I Samuel 25:29 if someone remains to persecution you and who causes your life, the life of my lord will be thrown in the bound of life before the lord your god. but you will put the soul of your enemies in the middle of the sick.

I Samuel 25:30 if the lord does all the good promises he promised to my lord and commands you to be a ruler over israel,

I Samuel 25:31 then it will not be a scandile and a scandile against my lord because you have verged innocent blood and that my lord would save him. whenever the lord does good to my lord, remember your slave woman for her. "

I Samuel 25:32 then david said to abigail, " blessed be the lord god of israel, who sent you today to meet me !

I Samuel 25:33 blessed is your rather, and blessed is you who have rejected me today from coming to blood and to save my hand to me.

I Samuel 25:34 but so so as the lord, the god of israel, lives who had seized me to do you wrong against you, unless you have come out to meet me, there no one would be left to nabal until morning remains. "

I Samuel 25:35 then david took from her hand what she had brought to her and said to her, " go in peace to your house. look, i have heard your voice, and i have helped your face. "

I Samuel 25:36 when abigail came to nabal, he saw a food in his house as a king ' s food, and nabal ' s heart was good on him, and he was very drunk. she did not tell him anything until the morning.

I Samuel 25:37 the morning, when nabal was destroyed from nabal, his wife told him about these things, and his heart died in him, and he became like a stone.

I Samuel 25:38 about ten days the lord struck nabal, and he died.

I Samuel 25:39 when david heard that nabal was wrong, he said, " blessed is the lord who has rejected my dishonor from nabal ' s hand and rejected his slave from the evil one. the lord has rejected the evil one of nabal on his own head ! " so david sent out to speak to abigail to take her to his wife.

I Samuel 25:40 when the slaves of david came to abigail in karmel, they said to her, " david sent us to you to take you to be his wife. "

I Samuel 25:41 she stood up and worshiped down with his face to the ground and said, " look, here is your slave slaviness to wash the feet of the servants of my lord. "

I Samuel 25:42 so abigail got up and sat on the eselin with five girves who followed her. she followed the servants of david and became his wife.

I Samuel 25:43 david also took ahinoam from jizreel, and they were both to his wife.

I Samuel 25:44 but saul had given his daughter michal, the wife of david, to palti, son of lais, who was from gallim.

I Samuel 26:1 then the zifites came to saul to gibea and said, " david is going away with us on the mountain hachila, that is near jesimon ? "

I Samuel 26:2 so saul stood up and went down to the wilderness of zif with three thousand people of israel to look for david in the wilderness of zif.

I Samuel 26:3 saul camped on the mountain of hachila, that is apposite the wilderness by the road. david was in the wilderness, and he realized that saul had come after him into the wilderness.

I Samuel 26:4 he sent messagers and realized that saul had come ready from kehila.

I Samuel 26:5 so david got up and went to the place where saul and his leading abner, ner of ner, were asleep. saul was sleeping in the lagery, and the people were leading around him.

I Samuel 26:6 then david said to ahimelech the heth, and to abisai, son of zeruja, joab ' brother, " who will come with me to saul into the camp ? " abisai replied, " i will go with you. "

I Samuel 26:7 so david and abisai went to the people in the night, and saul saw saul sleeping in the lagery of the lagers, and his spies was thrown on the ground at his head. abner and the people were sleeping around him.

I Samuel 26:8 and abisai said to david, " god has given your enemie in your hand. now then i will strike him with his spies to the earth for one time, and i will not give him a second time. "

I Samuel 26:9 but david said to abisai, " do not destroy him, for who will lead his hand against the christ of the lord and will be innocent ? "

I Samuel 26:10 then david said, " so so as the lord lives, the lord will stop him, or if his day comes and dies, or he will go into battle and will increase.

I Samuel 26:11 listen to me from the lord to extend my hand against the christ of the lord ! now take the speck from his head and the flock of water, and let us go ! "

I Samuel 26:12 so david took the spish and the water from the head from his head, and they went away. there was no one who saw or knowledge, and there was no one who revealed them. they were all suffering, because a fear of the lord fell on them.

I Samuel 26:13 so david went over the other side and stood on the top of the mountain from a distance, and there was a great way among them.

I Samuel 26:14 then david called the people and abner, ner ner, saying, " do you not answer abner ? " abner answered, " who are you who call out about me ? "

I Samuel 26:15 but david said to abner, " you are not a man ? who is like you in israel ? why then did you not guard your lord the king ? for one of the people came to destroy your lord, your lord.

I Samuel 26:16 this you have done it is not good. so so as the lord lives, you are going to death, because you have not obeyed your lord, the christ of the lord. look now where the spies of the king and the wash of water that was on his head ! "

I Samuel 26:17 then saul realized the voice of david and said, " is this your voice, my son david ? " david replied, " this is your voice, my lord, king ! "

I Samuel 26:18 and he said, " why then my lord persecutes his slave ? what have i committed ? what wrong is i found in my power ?

I Samuel 26:19 now now let my lord the king hear the message of his slave. if the lord causes you against me, he may make your sacrifice. but if they are human children, they must be cursed before the lord, because they have thrown me out of the possession of the lord, saying, ' go and serve others ! '

I Samuel 26:20 so then, let my blood not fall on the ground from the presence of the lord ! for the king of israel has gone out to look for my life, as a persecution in the mountains. "

I Samuel 26:21 saul said, " i have sinned. return, my son david, for i will not make you wrong, because my life is precious in your eyes in this day. i have been suffering, and i have completed great confidence ! "

I Samuel 26:22 david replied, " look, here is the spier of the king. let one of the men go and take it.

I Samuel 26:23 and the lord will repay each one his righteousness and faith, because the lord gave you today in my hand, but i did not extend my hand against the christ of the lord.

I Samuel 26:24 just as your life has become great in my eyes, so may my life be great in the presence of the lord, and he will save me from all affliction. "

I Samuel 26:25 saul said to david, " blessed are you, my son david ! you can do some things, and you will be able to find. " so david went on his way, but saul returned to his place.

I Samuel 27:1 david said to himself, " now i will be added in a day in saul ' s hand. there is no better for me than to save into the land of the philistins. so saul will get away me to look for me in all the region of israel, so that i will be saved from his hand. "

I Samuel 27:2 so david got up, and the two hundred man who were with him went to achis, the son of maoch, king of gath.

I Samuel 27:3 so david sat with achis in gath, he and his people, each one with his family. david and his two wives, ahinoam the jezreelita, and abigail the karmelita abigail, who was a wife of nabal the carmel.

I Samuel 27:4 when saul realized that david had fured to gath, he did not look for him again.

I Samuel 27:5 then david said to achis, " if i have found grace in your eyes, let me give me a place in one of the towns of the country, so i will live there. why then should your slave live in the city of the kingdom with you ? "

I Samuel 27:6 so in that day ciklag gave him siclag. for this reason siklag became for the king of judah to this day.

I Samuel 27:7 now the number of the days david lived in the region of the philistins was a month and four months.

I Samuel 27:8 so david and his people went and assembled the gesurians, the gesurians, and the amalekians, who long ago had assit the land from the east of shur until the land of egypt.

I Samuel 27:9 when david had killed the land, he did not leave a man or woman. he took sheep, hors, esels, camels, and clothing. then they returned and came to achis.

I Samuel 27:10 when achis asked david, " you have astonished today ? " david replied, " on the negev of judah, in the negev of jesrael, and on the negev of the keneels. "

I Samuel 27:11 david did not leave one man or woman, so that they could bring them to gath, saying, " they should not tell us and say, ' this is what david has done. " so was his reason as long as he lived in the land of the philistins.

I Samuel 27:12 achis believed david and said, " he has become confusion for his people, israel, and he will be my slave for ever. "

I Samuel 28:1 in those days the philistijs gathered their leaders to strike against israel. achis said to david, " let you know that you will go with me to strike, you and your men. "

I Samuel 28:2 david said to achis, " so you will know what your slave will do. " achis said to david, " so i will put you to the officer for all times. "

I Samuel 28:3 now samuel was dead, and all the people of israel had seized him and buried him in rama, his town. saul had rejected from the country the spirits of the spirits and the spirits.

I Samuel 28:4 so the philistians gathered together, and they came and bowed on sunem. saul gathered all the israelites, and they strayed to gilboa.

I Samuel 28:5 when saul saw the lame of the filistijs, he was afraid, and his heart was greatly distressed.

I Samuel 28:6 so saul asked the lord, but the lord did not answer him, nor by drunges, or by urim, or by prophets.

I Samuel 28:7 then saul said to his servants, " look for me a woman who is a spirit of spirit, that i may go to her and look for her. " his servants replied, " there is a woman who is a gift of spirit in en-dor. "

I Samuel 28:8 so saul revealed and was clothed with other clothes and went with two men. they came to the woman in the night. he said, " encourage me by the spirit, and bring me the one i say to you. "

I Samuel 28:9 but the woman said to him, " look, you know what saul has done, since he has taken out the spirits of the spiriters and the magiracles. why then can you strike my life to put me to death ? "

I Samuel 28:10 but saul swore to her, " so to the lord lives that there will not find you in this missage ! "

I Samuel 28:11 the woman asked, " whom should i bring out to you ? " he replied, " bring samuel up to me. "

I Samuel 28:12 when the woman saw samuel, she cried out with a loud voice, and she said to saul, " why have you provoked me ? you are saul ! "

I Samuel 28:13 the king said to her, " do not be afraid ! what do you see ? " she replied, " i have seen a god ascending from the earth. "

I Samuel 28:14 he asked her, " what is it known ? " she replied, " a morning man is seized. " when saul realized that this was samuel, he worked down with his face to the ground and worshiped him.

I Samuel 28:15 then samuel said to saul, " why have you deceived me to bring me out ? " saul replied, " i am greatly distressed, because the philistians strike against me, but god has left from me and does not report me again, or by the prophets or by drumbs. so i called you to make me known what i should do. "

I Samuel 28:16 but samuel said, " why do you ask me, since the lord has left you and has become your friend ?

I Samuel 28:17 and the lord has done for you what he spoke through me. he has revealed the kingdom from your hand and gave it to your neighbor, to david.

I Samuel 28:18 because you did not obey the voice of the lord and did not put his wrath to amalek. for this reason the lord has done you this very day.

I Samuel 28:19 and the lord will give israel with you into the hand of the philisters, and tomorrow you and your sons will be with me. and the lord will give the leading of israel into the hand of the philisters. "

I Samuel 28:20 so saul fell to the ground and fell to the ground. he was greatly afraid of the words of samuel. there was no power in him, because he had not eaten bread all the day and the whole night.

I Samuel 28:21 when the woman came to saul and saw that he was very sure, she said to him, " look, your slave slave has heard your voice, and i put my life in my hand and heard the words you have spoken to me.

I Samuel 28:22 now now listen now the voice of your slave, and i will put in your presence a bread for bread, so that you may have power because you will go on your way. "

I Samuel 28:23 but he decided, " i will not eat. " so his servants and the woman questioned him, and he heard their voice. then he got up from the earth and sat down on a stretcher.

I Samuel 28:24 now the woman had a feed kalf in the house. immediately she swallow it to kill. she took pieces, broke it, and broke unleavened bread.

I Samuel 28:25 so he brought it before saul and his servants, and they ate. then they stood up and went back that night.

I Samuel 29:1 so the philistians gathered all their leaders to afek, and the israelites leaded the camp that is in jizreel.

I Samuel 29:2 now the rulers of the philistins went along with hunderers and thousand, but david and his people were accompanied with achis.

I Samuel 29:3 so the rulers of the philistians asked, " what are these hebreers ? " achis replied the rulers of the philists, " this is david, the slave of saul, the king of israel, who has been with me for some years and i did not find anything in him from the day he has fallen to me until this day. "

I Samuel 29:4 but the officers of the philistins became distressed against him and said to him, " bring this man back, so he must return to his place that you have put to him, and let he not go with us into the battle, so that he may not be his fellow council to his lord ? is he not with those men ' s heads ?

I Samuel 29:5 this is not this david about whom they were shouting with danches : ' saul has killed his thousand, but david his thousand ? "

I Samuel 29:6 then achis called david and said to him, " so what the lord lives, you are a free, and your coming and coming with me in the lead is good in my eyes, because i have not found anything of you from the day you came to me until this day. but you are not good in the eyes of the rulers.

I Samuel 29:7 so then return and go in peace, so that you will not do what is right before the rulers of the philistes. "

I Samuel 29:8 david said to achis, " what have i done, and what have you found in your slave from the day i came before you until this day, that i will never come and strike against my lord the king ? "

I Samuel 29:9 achis answered david, " i know that you are good in my eyes. but the philisters ' rulers say, ' he will not come with us to the battle. ' "

I Samuel 29:10 so stand on the morning, you and the servants of your lord who have come with you, get up the morning and go to the place where i have put you down. and do not put a accusation in your heart, because you are good before me. so stand on the morning, and let it reveal you and go. "

I Samuel 29:11 so david and his people were on the morning early up and went away to the region of the philistins. but the philistians went up to jisreel.

I Samuel 30:1 now on the third day, when david and his people were entered ziklag on the third day, the amalekians had sat on the negev and siklag, and they had loved ziklag and had it burned up with fire.

I Samuel 30:2 and they took away the women and everything that was there, both little and great, they did not have killed anything, but took them and went back their way.

I Samuel 30:3 when david and his people came to the city, he saw that it had been swallowed up with fire, and their women, their sons, and their daughters were captives.

I Samuel 30:4 then david and the man who was with him raised their voice and weeped until they were not able to weep.

I Samuel 30:5 and the two women of david were captive : ahinoam the jezreelita and abigail the woman of nabal the carmel.

I Samuel 30:6 david was greatly distressed because the people were saying to stone him, because the soul of all the people were terrified, each for his sons and daughters. but david became greatly greatly greatly in the lord his god.

I Samuel 30:7 david said to the priest abiathar, the son of ahimelech, " bring the efod ! "

I Samuel 30:8 then david asked the lord, " will i persecute this rosse ? i will send them away ? " and he said to him, " follow them, for you will take away and release. "

I Samuel 30:9 so david went with the seventh people who were with him, and they came to the torrent besor, and the rest stood there.

I Samuel 30:10 but david persecuted with four hundred men, but two hundred man who had sat down on the other side of the torrent besor.

I Samuel 30:11 they found a egyptian in the field and brought him to david. they gave him bread, and he ate and drinked him with water.

I Samuel 30:12 so they gave him a flock of rosing ross and some rosen ross. when he ate, his spirit reasted in him, because he had not eaten or drinking water three days and three nights.

I Samuel 30:13 david asked him, " who are you, and where are you ? " he replied, " i am a egyptian, a slave of a amalekian man. my lord left me because i was afflicted for three days.

I Samuel 30:14 we have passed to the negev of the cherethi and on the region of judah and on the suuth of caleb, and have swallowed ciklag in fire. "

I Samuel 30:15 david asked him, " you will bring me down to this bende ? " he replied, " swear me by god that you will not put me to death, and do not put me into my master ' s hand, so i will bring you down to this bende. "

I Samuel 30:16 and when he brought him down, look, they were breaking over the face of the earth, eating and drinking and celebring for all the great plain they had received from the land of the philistins and from the land of judah.

I Samuel 30:17 so david died them from the morning until the next day, and no one was saved except four hundred men who had gone on the camels and flowed.

I Samuel 30:18 so david rejected everything that the amalecites had received, and he saved his two wives.

I Samuel 30:19 he did not find anything of them, both little and great, the sons and daughters, both sons and daughters, and everything they had received for them. david returned all things.

I Samuel 30:20 david took all the sheep and the beast, and they brought them before the beast and said, " this is david ' s buil ! "

I Samuel 30:21 so david came to the two hundred men who had been destroyed not to follow david and who had sat down on the room besor. they went out to meet david and the people who were with him. when david came to the people, he asked them.

I Samuel 30:22 but among those who had accompanied david answered, " because they did not follow us, we will not give them anything from the building that we have received, except each one with his wife and children. let them take them and go back. "

I Samuel 30:23 but david said, " my brother, do not do this, my brother, what the lord gave us. he guarded us and gave us the bende coming against us in our hands.

I Samuel 30:24 and who will obey you in this way ? for the part of the one who is coming to the battle will be the part of the one who is seated on the arms. they will part in part. "

I Samuel 30:25 from that day until this day he became a instruction and a command in israel until this day.

I Samuel 30:26 when david came to siclag, he sent the buil to the elders of judah and his neighbor, saying, " look, this is some of the build of the lord ' s enemies ! "

I Samuel 30:27 to those in bethzur, to those in rama, to those in jattir,

I Samuel 30:28 to those in aroer, to maoch, to those in saphir, to those in saphir, to those in gath, in kinan, to tofath, to thimath, to thimath, to thimath,

I Samuel 30:29 to those in carmel, and to those in the towns of jerameel, to those in the towns of the keneels,

I Samuel 30:30 to those in horma, to those in hor-asan, to those in atac,

I Samuel 30:31 to those in hebron and to all the regions where david and his people had passed there.

I Samuel 31:1 now the philistins batted against israel, and the people of israel flowed off from the philistian, and there were falled by the mountain on the mountain of gilboa.

I Samuel 31:2 so the philistijens seized saul and his sons, and they struck saul, abinadab, and malchichua, saul ' s sons.

I Samuel 31:3 the battle against saul was greatly greatly, the boogs found him and he was seized by the bound.

I Samuel 31:4 then saul said to his wapendrager, " take your sword and put me away with it, so that these uncircumcised people do not come and destroy me and bear me. " but his waffenser would not, for he was greatly afraid. then saul took the sword and fell on it.

I Samuel 31:5 when his wadow saw that saul had been dead, he also fell on his sword and died with him.

I Samuel 31:6 so saul and his three sons, his waffenser, and all his men were together in that day together.

I Samuel 31:7 when the people of israel who were on the other side of the dal and in the other side of the jordan river saw the men of israel and that saul and his sons were dead, they left their towns and flowed. then the philistiens came and habited in them.

I Samuel 31:8 the next day the philistians came to destroy the dead, and they found saul and his three sons falling on the mountain of gilboa.

I Samuel 31:9 then they turned him away, threw his cloak and sent them to the country of the filistijs to proclaim the good news in their idols and for the people.

I Samuel 31:10 they put his cloaks into the temple of astartead, and his body they put up on the muur of bethsan.

I Samuel 31:11 when the inhabitants of jabes in gilead heard what the philistes had done to saul,

I Samuel 31:12 then all the powerful men stood and went throughout the whole night, and took saul and his sons the body from the wall of bethsan, and brought them to jabes and burned them there.

I Samuel 31:13 they took their bears and buried them under the wood of jabes, and fast seven days, and to those in hebron, and for all the regions david and his people had passed around there.

II Samuel 1:1 after saul was dead, david returned when he had killed the amalekians, david went back two days in siclag.

II Samuel 1:2 the third day a man came from the camp of saul with gathered clothes and a ground on his head. when he came to david, he fell to the ground and worshiped him.

II Samuel 1:3 david asked him, " where do you come ? " he replied, " i have escaped from the camp of israel. "

II Samuel 1:4 david said to him, " what is this ? tell me. " he replied, " the people have flow from the battle, and many of the people fall and died, and saul and his son jonatan too have died. "

II Samuel 1:5 david asked the child who reported him, " how do you know that saul and his son jonathan have dead ? "

II Samuel 1:6 the young man who had referring this message said to him, " i fell on the mountain of gilboa, and look, saul stood on his spies, and the waces and the rusts followed him.

II Samuel 1:7 when he looked around, he saw me and called me. i answered, ' here i am ! '

II Samuel 1:8 he asked me, ' who are you ? ' i replied, ' i am a amalec ' s. '

II Samuel 1:9 then he said to me, ' stand up to me and put me to death, because a terrible darkness has burned me, but i am all in me. '

II Samuel 1:10 so i stood before him and killed him, because i knew that after his fall he did not live. i took the scroll that had on his head and the loss that had on his arm and brought them here here. "

II Samuel 1:11 then david took his clothes and tore them, so also all the men who were with him tore their clothes.

II Samuel 1:12 they were weeping, weeping and fasting until the afternoon for saul and his son jonatan, and for the people of judah and for the house of israel, because they were killed by the sword.

II Samuel 1:13 david asked the child who reported him, " where are you ? " he replied, " i am a son of a foreigner of amalec. "

II Samuel 1:14 david said to him, " how did you not be afraid to lead your hand to destroy the lord ' s christ ? "

II Samuel 1:15 then david called one of his servants and said, " come and take him down ! " so he struck him and he died.

II Samuel 1:16 david said to him, " your blood be on your head, because your mouth has testified against you, saying, ' i have killed the lord ' s christ ! ' "

II Samuel 1:17 so david shouted this weeping over saul and his son jonatan.

II Samuel 1:18 he said to instruction the people of judah. look, it is written in the scroll of the righteous.

II Samuel 1:19 " your group, israel, is struck on your hauts ! how have the powerful fall fall !

II Samuel 1:20 do not tell this in gath, and do not proclaim the good news of askalon, so that the daughters of the philistian may not joy, so that the daughters of uncircumcised may joy.

II Samuel 1:21 you are the mountains in gilboa, let tau and rain not come down on you or frees of the offering offerings, because there the shild of held is divided, saul ' s scild was not anointed with oll oil.

II Samuel 1:22 from the blood of those killed, from the flesh of held, jonatans ' s boog has not turned back, and the sword of saul did not return toward.

II Samuel 1:23 saul and jonatan, who were love and pleased in their life, and in their death they were not skilled. they were greater than agrews, greater than leons.

II Samuel 1:24 of israel, weep over saul, who vested you in purple clothing, who made golden clothes on your clothes.

II Samuel 1:25 how have the helden fallen in the midst of the battle ! yonatan has been killed on your heads !

II Samuel 1:26 i am revealed to you, my brother jonatan ! you were greater greater for me. your love was greater for me than love of women.

II Samuel 1:27 how have the powers fallen, and the arms of battle have died ! "

II Samuel 2:1 after these things david asked the lord, " should i go into one of the towns of judah ? " the lord said to him, " get up. " david asked, " where should i go ? " he replied, " to hebron. "

II Samuel 2:2 so david went up there with his two wives, ahinoam the jezreelita, and abigail the woman of nabal the carmel.

II Samuel 2:3 he also brought the men who was with him, each one with his family. they remained in the towns of hebron.

II Samuel 2:4 then the men of judah came and anointed david there to be king over the house of judah. when david heard that the people of jabes in gilead have buried saul.

II Samuel 2:5 so david sent messengers to the rulers of jabes in gilead and said to them, " you be blessed by the lord, because you have done this mercy to your lord saul and buried him.

II Samuel 2:6 now may the lord show you mercy and truth. i too will provide you this good because you have done this.

II Samuel 2:7 now let your hands be strong and make held ! for saul your lord has been dead, but the house of judah has anointed me as their king. "

II Samuel 2:8 but abner the son of ner, the ruler of saul, took saul the son of saul and brought him to mahanaim.

II Samuel 2:9 and made him king over gilead, the gesuries, jizreel, ephraim, benjamin, and all israel.

II Samuel 2:10 is-boset, the son of saul, was for quarten years when he became king over israel, and he reigned two years. yet the house of judah followed david.

II Samuel 2:11 now the time david reigned in hebron over the house of judah were seven years and sex months.

II Samuel 2:12 abner, the son of ner, and the servants of isboseth, son of saul, went out of mahanaim to gibeon.

II Samuel 2:13 joab, the son of zeruia, and the servants of david went out, and they stood together at the sea of gibeon, one on one side, the other on the other side of the sew.

II Samuel 2:14 then abner said to joab, " let the men get up and mourn before us. " joab replied, " let them stand up. "

II Samuel 2:15 so they stood up and went through the number of twelve in benjamin and isboseth the son of saul, and twelve of the servants of david.

II Samuel 2:16 each of them greated the head of his neighbor, and put his sword into the side of his neighbor side, so that they were together. so the place was called helkat-hassurim ( which is in gibeon. )

II Samuel 2:17 that day there was a very hard battle battle, and abner and the people of israel were killed before the men of david.

II Samuel 2:18 now three sons of tseruia were there : joab, abisai, and asahel. asahel was hard at his feet, like a gazel in the field.

II Samuel 2:19 asahel persecuted abner and did not leave right or left, since he followed abner.

II Samuel 2:20 abner looked around himself and asked, " are you, asael ? " he replied, " i am. "

II Samuel 2:21 then abner said to him, " go on your right or left, and take one of the servants to you and take his arms to you. " but asahel wanted to depart from him.

II Samuel 2:22 abner said to asahel, " get away from me ! why can i strike you into the earth ? how can i then remove my face to your brother joab ? "

II Samuel 2:23 but he did not want to go away. then abner seized him with the outside of his spetter on the stroth, so that the spies went out from the side. he fell there and died there. everyone who came to the place where asahel had fallen and died, left.

II Samuel 2:24 but joab and abisai followed abner, and when the sun was starting, they came to the mountain ammon, who is apposite giah, on the way of the wilderness of gibeon.

II Samuel 2:25 so the people of benjamin gathered abner ' s follow and became one place, and they stood on the head of one coll.

II Samuel 2:26 then abner called to joab and said, " will the sword eat always ? don ' t you know that the last will be bitterly ? how much longer will you not say to the people to keep away from our brothers ? "

II Samuel 2:27 joab replied, " so so as god lives, if you would not speak, then from the next day the people would have followed his brothers. "

II Samuel 2:28 then joab blow the trumpet, and all the people stood away, and they did not follow israel, and they did not strike again.

II Samuel 2:29 abner and his people went through the wilderness the whole night, passing through the jordan river and went through the whole bithron and came to mahanaim.

II Samuel 2:30 so joab returned from abner and gathered all the people. then of the servants of david were a number of nittenty men and asahel.

II Samuel 2:31 but the servants of david killed two hundred seventy-sexty men of the people of benjamin and of abner.

II Samuel 2:32 so they brought asahel and buried him in the tomb of his father in bethlehem. then joab and his people went to all the night with him, and they were finished in hebron.

II Samuel 3:1 now there was a great strict among the house of saul and the house of david. david became greater, but saul ' s house was sick and sick.

II Samuel 3:2 david was to david sons in hebron. his firstborn was amnon, of ahinoam the jezirelita,

II Samuel 3:3 his second son was daluia, a son of abigail the carmel, and the third was absalom, the son of maacha, the daughter of talmai, king of gesur.

II Samuel 3:4 the fourth was adonija, the son of haggith ; the fifth was sefatiah, son of abital,

II Samuel 3:5 the sixth itream, of egla, a wife of david. these men became to david in hebron.

II Samuel 3:6 now while there was a battle among the house of saul and the house of david, abner was toward saul ' s house.

II Samuel 3:7 saul had a new woman, rizpa, daughter of aja. so isboseth said to abner, " why have you come to my father ' s wife ? "

II Samuel 3:8 abner became very anger of the words of isboseth and said, " am i a dogs of a hunde ? i have committed to show mercy to the house of saul your father, over his brothers and sisters, and i have not put it into the hand of david, but you ask me for this wife for a woman ? "

II Samuel 3:9 may god do this to abner and be more, if i do not do this with him just as the lord swore to david,

II Samuel 3:10 to take away the kingdom from the house of saul, and to reveal the throne of david over israel and juda from dan to beer-sheba. "

II Samuel 3:11 so is-boset could not answer abner a order because he was afraid of him.

II Samuel 3:12 then abner sent messagers to david to say, " who belongs the land ? " and he said, " make a covenant with me, and look, my hand will be with you to turn all israel to you. "

II Samuel 3:13 david replied, " right ! i will make a covenant with you. but i ask you one thing : you will not see my face unless you bring michal, daughter of saul, when you come to see me. "

II Samuel 3:14 then david sent messagers to isboseth, the son of saul, to say, " give me my wife michal that i received for hunty uncircumcision of the philistins. "

II Samuel 3:15 so is-boset sent and took her from her husband, paltiel, son of lais.

II Samuel 3:16 her husband went with her, weeping after her like by bahurim. abner said to him, " go back back. " so he returned.

II Samuel 3:17 abner said to the elders of israel, " long ago you were looking for david to be your king.

II Samuel 3:18 now do this, because the lord said about david, ' by my servant david i will save the people of israel from the hand of the philisters and from the hand of all their enemies. ' "

II Samuel 3:19 abner also said to the benjaminites. so abner went to hebron to speak to david everything that was right before israel and the whole benjamin ' s house.

II Samuel 3:20 when abner came to david in hebron with twenty men, david gave a food to abner and to the men who were with him.

II Samuel 3:21 abner said to david, " i will get up and gather all israel to my lord the king, so they will make a covenant with you, and you will reign over everything you desire. " so david sent abner, and he went away in peace.

II Samuel 3:22 now now the servants of david and joab came from the road and brought many roof with them. abner was not with david in hebron, because david had sent him away and he had gone away in peace.

II Samuel 3:23 when joab and all his lame were coming, they meldered to joab that abner the son of ner came to david, and he sent him away, and he went away in peace. "

II Samuel 3:24 so joab went to the king and said, " what have you done ? abner came to you. why did you send him away, and he went away in peace ? "

II Samuel 3:25 you know abner, the son of ner, that he has come to deceive you and to know your out and your instead and to know everything you do. "

II Samuel 3:26 so joab left david and sent messengers after abner. they turned him back from the cisterna sira, but david did not know this.

II Samuel 3:27 now when abner returned to hebron, joab deceived him in the side of the town to speak with him, and there he struck him there, so that he died because of the blood of joab the brother of joab.

II Samuel 3:28 now when david heard this, he said, " i and my kingdom am innocent before the lord for the blood of abner, the son of ner.

II Samuel 3:29 let them go down on joab ' s head and on the entire household of his father, and from the house of joab there is no one who has an fluck or a leprosy, or one who falls for the sword or lives bread. "

II Samuel 3:30 so joab and his brother abisai killed abner because he had killed their brother asahel in the battle at gibeon.

II Samuel 3:31 then david said to joab and to all the people who were with him, " tore your clothes, around the sackcloth, and mourn before abner ! " now the king david went after the bed.

II Samuel 3:32 then they buried abner in hebron. then the king raised his voice and weeped on his tomb, and all the people weeped.

II Samuel 3:33 then the king sprindered abner and said, " is abner died like a death ? "

II Samuel 3:34 your hands were not taken, your feet were not bound in chains. you have fallen as someone who falls before the unrighteous people. " so all the people weeped to weep him.

II Samuel 3:35 then all the people came to eat david for bread, while it was still day, but david swore, " may god take this and more to me, if i do not eat bread or anything anything until the sun comes down. "

II Samuel 3:36 when all the people understood it, it was good to them. everything the king had done, it was good before all the people.

II Samuel 3:37 so all the people and the whole israel realized that abner, the son of ner, was not from the king to put him to death.

II Samuel 3:38 then the king said to his slaves, " don ' t you know that a ruler and a great ruler has fallen today in israel ?

II Samuel 3:39 but i, though i have been subjected to the king, and these men, the sons of seruja, are hard than i am. may the lord repay the one who does evil according to his evil deed ! "

II Samuel 4:1 when is-boset, the son of saul, heard that abner had been dead in hebron, his hands were distressed, and all israel was distressed.

II Samuel 4:2 the son of saul had two officions of officers, the son of saul. the one was to name baana and the other rechab, the sons of rimmon the beerothita, of the benjaminites. ( for beeroth was proclaimed to benjamin ).

II Samuel 4:3 so the berothaim left to gittaim and were there foreigners until this day. )

II Samuel 4:4 now jonatan the son of saul had a son lame on the feet. he was five years when the message about saul and jonatan came from jizreel, and his fatherer took him and flow. while she was quicting to get up, she fell down and was lame. his name was mefiboseth.

II Samuel 4:5 the sons of rimmon the beerothita, rechab and baana, went and went to the house of isboseth when he was sleeping at the middad of the middad.

II Samuel 4:6 when rekhab and his brother baana died the door of the house, threw him up and dormed down. rekab and his brother baana died.

II Samuel 4:7 so they entered the house, while mefiboseth was sleeping on his bed, in his bed, and they struck him and killed him. then they took his head and went on the way of araba all the night.

II Samuel 4:8 they brought the head of isboseth to david in hebron and said to the king, " look, this is the head of isboseth, the son of saul your enemie, who wanted to take your life. this reason the lord has given justice to your lord the king over saul and his descendants. "

II Samuel 4:9 but david answered rechab and his brother baana, the sons of rimmon the beerothita, and said to them, " so to the lord who lives my life from all affliction,

II Samuel 4:10 if the one who revealed to me that saul has been dead, and who was going to proclaim the good news before me, i killed him and killed him in siclag to give my good news.

II Samuel 4:11 now if the evil men have killed a righteous man in his house, on his bed. should i look for his blood from your hand and exterminy you from the earth ? "

II Samuel 4:12 then david ordered his slaves to kill them, and they struck their hands and feet and stricked them on the cloth in hebron. but they took isboseth ' s head and buried in the tomb of abner in hebron.

II Samuel 5:1 then all the tribes of israel came to david in hebron and said, " look, we are your bear and your flesh.

II Samuel 5:2 even before long time, while saul was king over us, you going out and gather israel. and the lord said to you, ' you will shepherd my people israel, and you will be a ruler over my people israel. ' "

II Samuel 5:3 so all the elders of israel came to the king in hebron, and david made another covenant with them in hebron before the lord. so they anointed david as king over israel.

II Samuel 5:4 david was thirty years when he became king, and he reigned firty years.

II Samuel 5:5 in hebron he reigned over judah seven years and sex months, and in jerusalem he reigned thirty and three years over all israel and juda.

II Samuel 5:6 so david and his people went to jerusalem against the jebusees who live in the land. they said to david, " you will not enter here, because the blind and lame will take away. " they were saying, " david will not enter here ! ' "

II Samuel 5:7 but david welcomed the bergment of zion, that is the city of david.

II Samuel 5:8 then david said on that day, " whoever slummes the jebuseans will go to the food, and the lame and blind who hates david ' s life. " for this reason they say, " blind and lame will never enter the house. "

II Samuel 5:9 so david remained in the berce and called it the city of david. so david rebuked around from milah and his house.

II Samuel 5:10 so david became already greater, and the lord of the leaders was with him.

II Samuel 5:11 hiram king of tyre sent messagers to david, cedrs, timpens, and timpens, and they built a house to david.

II Samuel 5:12 so david realized that the lord had confirmed him to be king of israel and that he had revealed his kingdom because of his people israel.

II Samuel 5:13 after he had come from hebron, david took many women and wives, and he became more sons and daughters from jerusalem.

II Samuel 5:14 these are the name of those who were born to him in jerusalem : sammua, sobab, nathan, solomon,

II Samuel 5:15 jibhar, elisua, nefeg, jafia,

II Samuel 5:16 elisama, eliada, elifelet, elisama, ishbath, nathan, galamaan, eliphelak, eliphelak, eliphelak, eliphelak, eliphelak, eliphek, naphek, lehuman, baal-hamath and eliphet.

II Samuel 5:17 now when the philistians heard that they had been anointed david as king of israel, all the philistins went up to look for david. when david heard this, he went down to the forehouse.

II Samuel 5:18 now when the philisters came and spread them in the vall of refaim.

II Samuel 5:19 then david asked the lord, " should i ascend against the philistins ? will you give them in my hand ? " the lord replied to david, " get up, for i will give the philisters in your hand. "

II Samuel 5:20 so david came to baal-perazim and cut them there. then david said, " the lord has cut off my enemies before me, as water broke down. " because of this place the place was called baal-perasim.

II Samuel 5:21 so they left there their idols, and david and his people took them up.

II Samuel 5:22 but the philistins went up again and spread them in the vall of refaim.

II Samuel 5:23 when david asked the lord, he replied, " do not ascend against them, but go away from them, and come to them along of the wear.

II Samuel 5:24 when you hear the voice of the scroll of the clothing, then come down to them, because then the lord has gone before you to cut the lame of the philistins. "

II Samuel 5:25 david did just as the lord had commanded him, and he sconght the philisters from gibeon to gezer.

II Samuel 6:1 david also gathered all the jew in israel, seventy thousand.

II Samuel 6:2 so david and all the people who were with him stood from baala of judah to bring the ark of god there, on which is called the name of the lord of the leaders, seated on the cherubs.

II Samuel 6:3 they put the ark of god on a new woie and brought it out of the house of abinadab in the hebop. uza and ahio, abinadab ' s sons, brought the new wagn.

II Samuel 6:4 the ark and his brothers went before the ark.

II Samuel 6:5 david and all the people of israel were weeping before the lord with strengthening instruments of harp, cithers, harpas, tamburets, and cymbalos.

II Samuel 6:6 when they came to the dresser of naadab, uzza extended his hand to the ark of god and arrested it, because the bears had seized it.

II Samuel 6:7 then the anger of god flamed against uzza, and god struck him there, so that he died there by the ark of god.

II Samuel 6:8 so david became greatly anger, because the lord had destroyed uzza. so he called that place peres-uzza until this day.

II Samuel 6:9 so david was afraid of the lord at that day and said, " how can the ark of the lord come to me ? "

II Samuel 6:10 so david would not want to bring the ark of the lord to him in the city of david, but brought it in the house of obed-edom the gath.

II Samuel 6:11 so the ark of the lord remained in the house of obed-edom the gath, and the lord blessed obed-edom and all his family.

II Samuel 6:12 when the king david was revealed that the lord had blessed obed-edom ' s house and everything he possessed, because of the ark of god. " so david went and brought the ark of god from obed-edom ' s house to the city of david with joy.

II Samuel 6:13 as they were carriing the ark of the ark of the ark, he offered a beast and a bock.

II Samuel 6:14 david was revealed with muziks in the presence of the lord. david was dressed with a linen clothing.

II Samuel 6:15 so david and all the people of israel brought the ark of the lord with weeping and trumpet.

II Samuel 6:16 when the ark of the lord came to the city of david, michal, saul ' s daughter, looked through the venster, and when she saw the king david weeping and sweaming before the lord, she destroyed him in her heart.

II Samuel 6:17 then they brought the ark of the lord and placed it in its place in the middle of the tabernacle that david had placed for it. so david offered offerings and paces for the presence of the lord.

II Samuel 6:18 when david had finished offering the holocausts and sacrifices of peace, he blessed the people in the name of the lord of the leaders.

II Samuel 6:19 then he divided to all the people, to the whole crowd of israel, both men and women, each one a brock of bread, a clock of paney. then all the people went home, each one to his home.

II Samuel 6:20 now when david returned to blessed his own house, michal, saul ' s daughter, went out to meet david and said, " how glorious has the king of israel revealed that he has been revealed to the eyes of the slave slaves of his slaves, as one who is revealed. "

II Samuel 6:21 but david said to michal, " before the lord, who chose me more than your father and his entire household, to put me as a ruler over the people of the lord, israel, and i will praise for the presence of the lord.

II Samuel 6:22 and i will be revealed this, and i will be a armer in your eyes, and with the slaves you said, i will be glorified. "

II Samuel 6:23 michal, the daughter of saul, had no child until the day she died.

II Samuel 7:1 now when the king stayed in his house and the lord had given him possession from all his enemies around all time,

II Samuel 7:2 the king said to the prophet nathan, " look, i live in a house of cedrs, but the ark of god is seated in the middle of the tabernacle. "

II Samuel 7:3 nathan said to the king, " go and do everything you have in your heart, for the lord is with you. "

II Samuel 7:4 but in that night the word of god came to nathan, saying,

II Samuel 7:5 " go and tell my servant david, ' so says the lord, ' do you build a house to remain for me ?

II Samuel 7:6 for i have not loved in a house from the day i brought the israelites out of egypt until this day but was walking in a tent and in a tent.

II Samuel 7:7 as long as i went through all the people of israel, i have spoken a message to one of the tribes of israel that i have commanded to shepherd my people israel, saying, ' why did you not build a house of cedru for me ? '

II Samuel 7:8 so then, say this to my servant david, ' so says the lord of the leading : i have taken you out of the sheep of the sheep to be the ruler over my people, israel.

II Samuel 7:9 i was with you in all you where you went, and i have taken out all your enemies from your presence. i have made you a great name, like the name of the great people on the earth.

II Samuel 7:10 i will make a place for my people israel, and i planted it so that it will live in his own place and will never be revealed, and the unrighteous people will not afflict it as before,

II Samuel 7:11 from the time i put judgers over my people israel. i will give you rest from all your enemies. and the lord will tell you that he will rebuild a house for you.

II Samuel 7:12 when your days are fulfilled and you have fallen to your ancestors, i will reveal your descendants after you, who will come from your descendants, and i will reveal his kingdom.

II Samuel 7:13 he will build a house for my name, and i will confirme his throne for ever.

II Samuel 7:14 i will be his father, and he will be my son. if he does a unrighteousness, i will reveal him with human staff and with humanity.

II Samuel 7:15 but my mercy will not take away from him, just as i have taken away from saul, whom i destroyed from your presence.

II Samuel 7:16 your house and your kingdom will be firm before you to ever, and your throne will be confirmed forever. ' "

II Samuel 7:17 after all these words and all this vision, nathan spoke to david.

II Samuel 7:18 then the king david went and stood before the lord and said, " who am i, lord, lord, and what is my house that you have brought me like this ?

II Samuel 7:19 but it was great in your eyes, lord, lord, and you have spoken about your servant ' s house to long ago. this is the law about the men, lord, lord !

II Samuel 7:20 what will david more speak to you ? you know your servant, lord god !

II Samuel 7:21 because of your message and according to your heart you have done all these great things to make known to your servant.

II Samuel 7:22 for you are great, lord god ! for there is no one like you, and there is no god except you, according to everything we have heard with our ears.

II Samuel 7:23 and who is like your people israel, a other nation on the earth, whom god went out to redee him as his own people, to make a name, to do great and terrible things, to drive out nations and their loaves from the presence of your people, whom you have healed to you from egypt, with nations and wonders ?

II Samuel 7:24 you have prepared your people israel as a people for all times, and you, lord, became their god.

II Samuel 7:25 now now, lord god, hold forever what you have spoken about your servant and his house, and do just as you have spoken.

II Samuel 7:26 may your name be great forever !

II Samuel 7:27 for you, lord of the leaders, the god of israel, revealed to your servant, saying, ' i will build a house for you ! ' therefore your slave has found his heart to pray this prayer to you.

II Samuel 7:28 now now, lord god, you are god, and your words will be true, and you have spoken this good things to your servant.

II Samuel 7:29 so then, praise and praise the house of your slave, so that it may be before you forever. for you, lord, lord, have spoken, and from your blessing the house of your slave will be blessed forever. "

II Samuel 8:1 after these things david died the philistins and humbled them. so david took the place of methegah from the hand of the philisters.

II Samuel 8:2 he also difficulted the moabites and measured them with stricts and put them down to the earth. he measured the two stricts to be killed and lived the two strick to live. so the moabites became slaves to david and brought the tribution.

II Samuel 8:3 david also struck hadarezer, the son of rehob, king of zoba, when he went to stop his hand on the river euphrates.

II Samuel 8:4 david taken up for him 1000 walls and seven thousand horsemen and twenty thousand foods. david destroyed the wags of all the wags and left for one of them for 100 walls.

II Samuel 8:5 when the syrians of damascus came to help hadarezer, king of zoba, david struck two and two thousand of the syrians.

II Samuel 8:6 then david put guards in the damascus in damascus, and the syrians became slaves to david and brought the tribution. so the lord saved david overall where he went.

II Samuel 8:7 so david took the goldenen loss that had the servants of hadarezer king of zoba, and brought them to jerusalem. so sisak, the king of egypt, took them when he went up to jerusalem in the days of rehoboam the son of solomon.

II Samuel 8:8 now in the city of hadar-ezer ' s towns, david took a great number of bronze. in it salomo made the shaper sea, the pils, the bafts, and all the arms.

II Samuel 8:9 when toi, the king of hamath, heard that david had killed the whole power of hadar-ezer,

II Samuel 8:10 he sent his son joram to bring him to ask him and to give him thanks, because he had combated hadad-ezer and killed him, because hadarezer had been in battle against hadar-ezer. he had a golden, gold, and bronze.

II Samuel 8:11 these things the king david sanctified to the lord with the silver and gold that he had revealed from all the powers he had forhered,

II Samuel 8:12 from edom, moab, ammon, filists, amalec, and hadad-ezer ' s son, the king of zoba.

II Samuel 8:13 david made a name, when he returned and struck the edomites in the sover of salah, fiften thousand people of edom.

II Samuel 8:14 in edom he placed guardes, throughout edom, and all the edomites became servants of david. so the lord helped david where he went going.

II Samuel 8:15 so david reigned over all israel. he was practicing right and righteousness to all his people.

II Samuel 8:16 joab, the son of zeruia, was over the soldier, yosafat, ahilud son, was kanciller.

II Samuel 8:17 zadok, the son of ahitub, and ahimelech, the son of abiathar, were priests, and asa the expert in the law.

II Samuel 8:18 benaia, the son of jojada, was over the keretites and the peletites, but the sons of david were rulers.

II Samuel 9:1 then david asked, " is there there one who has left from the house of saul, so that i may show mercy to him for jonatan ' s sake ? "

II Samuel 9:2 there was a slave from the house of saul named siba. they called him to david. the king asked him, " you are ziba ? " he replied, " i am your slave. "

II Samuel 9:3 the king asked, " there is no one from the house of saul, so that i may show god ' s mercy with him ? " siba replied to the king, " there is still a son of jonatan, cloing at his feet. "

II Samuel 9:4 the king asked him, " where is he ? " siba replied, " he is in the house of machir, son of ammiel, in lo-debar. "

II Samuel 9:5 then the king david sent and took him from the house of machir, the son of ammiel, from lodebar.

II Samuel 9:6 when mefiboseth, the son of jonatan, saul ' s son, came to david, fell down with his face to the ground and worshiped. david said, " mefiboseth ! " he replied, " here is your slave ! "

II Samuel 9:7 david said to him, " do not be afraid, for i will show you mercy for your father jonatan sake, and i will repay you all the fields of your father saul, and you will always eat bread on my table. "

II Samuel 9:8 so he worshiped and said, " who is your slave, that you looked to the dead hund like i am ? "

II Samuel 9:9 then the king called siba, saul ' s servant, and said to him, " i have given the son of your master everything that had saul and his entire household.

II Samuel 9:10 you and your sons and your slaves will work the earth for him, and you will bring the bread to your master ' s son to eat. but mefiboseth, the son of your master, will always eat at my table. " siba had fifty sons and twenty slaves.

II Samuel 9:11 so siba said to the king, " what my lord the king command his slave, your slave will do. " so mefiboseth ate on the table of david as one of the sons of the king.

II Samuel 9:12 mefiboseth had a little son named micha. all who lived in the house of siba were mefiboseth ' s slaves.

II Samuel 9:13 so mefiboseth remained in jerusalem, because he ate always at the king ' s table. ( so he was lame to two feet. )

II Samuel 10:1 after this the king of the ammonites died, his son hanun reigned in his place.

II Samuel 10:2 then david said, " i will show mercy to hanun, son of nahas, just as his father did mercy to me. " so david sent his servants to exhort him for his father. when the servants of david came to the land of the ammonites,

II Samuel 10:3 but the rulers of the ammonites said to their master hanun, " have david sent your father in your presence, because he sent encouragers you ? did he not send his servants to you to esplete the city, to explete it, and reveal it ? "

II Samuel 10:4 then hanun greated the servants of david, raid off their barbe and separed their vests from the enside until the held, and released them.

II Samuel 10:5 when the message was revealed to david, he sent send out to renhor them, for they were very troubled. then the king asked, " remain in jericho until your barps are revealed, and then return back. "

II Samuel 10:6 when the ammonites saw that they had been confused with david, they sent out and leaded on the syrians of beth-rehob and the syrians of bet-rehob and the syrians of bet-rehob and the king of maacha, 1000 man, and from tob twelve thousand people from tob.

II Samuel 10:7 when david heard this, he sent joab with all the held of held.

II Samuel 10:8 so the ammonites went out and attacked at the door of the city. but the syria of zoba and rehob and tob and maacha were enside on the field.

II Samuel 10:9 when joab saw that the strict had been against him from the outside and back, he chosen some of the clow of israel and put them in order against the sirians.

II Samuel 10:10 but he gave the rest of the people in the hand of his brother abisain, who stood in order against the ammonites.

II Samuel 10:11 he said, " if the syrians are greater than i am, you will be my salvation, but if the ammons are greater than you, i will come to save you.

II Samuel 10:12 be courage, and let us be strengthened for our people and for the cities of our god. then the lord will do what is good in his eyes. "

II Samuel 10:13 so joab and his people with him went to strike against the sirians, and they flow before him.

II Samuel 10:14 when the ammonites saw that the syrians flowed, they also fugped before abisai and went into the city. then joab returned from the ammonites and came to jerusalem.

II Samuel 10:15 when the syrians saw that they were struck before israel, they gathered together.

II Samuel 10:16 hadarezer sent out and gathered the syrians who were on the other side of the river, and they came to helam. sobach, the leaver of hadar-ezer, was before them.

II Samuel 10:17 when david heard this, he gathered all the people of israel, passed over the jordan river and came to helam. so the syrians walked against david and walked against him.

II Samuel 10:18 but the syrians flow before israel, and david died from the sirians seven hundred walls and fifty thousand horsemen, and sobach the commanding officer died, and he died there.

II Samuel 10:19 when all the kings who were slaves of hadarezer saw that they had been slamped before israel, they committed peace with israel and served them. so the syrians were still afraid to save the ammonites.

II Samuel 11:1 after the year came, at the time the kings were going out, david sent joab and his servants with him and all the israelites. they destroyed the ammonites and assembled rabba. but david remained in jerusalem.

II Samuel 11:2 when evening came, david stood up from his bed and went on the roof of the palace. from the tax place he saw a woman who was luck from the tax. she was very fear.

II Samuel 11:3 so david sent and asked the woman. she said, " is this batseba, daughter of eliab, a woman of uriah the heth ? "

II Samuel 11:4 so david sent messengers and took her. when she came to him, he got down with her, because she had been sanctified from her unclean seal. then she returned to her home.

II Samuel 11:5 the woman became pregnant. she sent out to report to david and said, " i am swanger. "

II Samuel 11:6 then david sent to joab saying, " send uriah the hethian to me. " so joab sent uriah to david.

II Samuel 11:7 when uriah came to him, david asked what joab and the people had peace, and as it was in the battle.

II Samuel 11:8 then david said to uriah, " go down to your house and wash your feet. " urias went out of the palace and followed him a food for the king.

II Samuel 11:9 but uriah dured the palace of the palace with all the servants of his lord, and did not go down to his house.

II Samuel 11:10 when they meldered this to david, they said, " uriah has not descended to his house. " then david said to urijah, " you have not come from the way ? why did you not come to your house ? "

II Samuel 11:11 urijah replied to david, " the ark and israel and judah live in tents, and my lord joab and the servants of my lord are bound on the face of the field, and i will go into my house to eat and drink, and to sit with my wife ? so so as you live and living your life, i will do this. "

II Samuel 11:12 then david said to uriah, " stay here too here too, and tomorrow i will send you away. " so uriah remained in jerusalem on that day and the next day.

II Samuel 11:13 so david called him and ate and drinking before him and drinking him. but on the evening he went out to dorm on his bed with his masters ' slaves, but did not go down to his home.

II Samuel 11:14 the next day david wrote a letter to joab and sent it through uriah.

II Samuel 11:15 in the scroll he wrote, " bring uriah ahead of the start battle, and turn back from him, so that he will be taken and died. "

II Samuel 11:16 now when joab was guarding the city, he put uriah to the place where he knew that there were large men.

II Samuel 11:17 when the people of the city went out and attacked joab, some of the people, some of the servants of david, died, and urias the heth died too.

II Samuel 11:18 so joab sent out to report to david everything of the battle.

II Samuel 11:19 he commanded the angel saying, " when you have completed all the things of the battle to speak to the king,

II Samuel 11:20 if the king comes up and says to you, ' why have you approached the city to combation ? did you not know that they are bound from the muur ?

II Samuel 11:21 who has killed abimelech the son of jerobaal ? did a woman throw a mill of mill on him from the city, so that he died in thebes ? why have you approached the muur ? ' then you will say, ' even your servant urija the heth is died. ' "

II Samuel 11:22 when the angel of joab went to the king in jerusalem, he reported to david everything joab had refermed for him. he became enraged at joab and said to the angel, " why have you approaching the city to battle ? did you not know why you have approached the city to battle ? did you not know why you have leading abimelech, jerubbaal ' s son ? did a woman not throw a much of a mill on him from the city so he died in thamar ? why have you approached the city ? "

II Samuel 11:23 the angel said to david, " the men were suffering against us, and they went out against us on the field, but we turned them up to the door of the city.

II Samuel 11:24 then the bound gathered from the muur against your servants, and some of the king ' s servants died. your servant urias the heth has also died. "

II Samuel 11:25 then david said to the angel, " say to joab, ' let this man not be hard in your eyes, for the sword eat one the one and the other. strengthen your strict against the city and destroy it. ' so make him force ! "

II Samuel 11:26 when urias ' s wife heard that her husband was dead, she mourned for her husband.

II Samuel 11:27 when the mourning was passed, david sent her and brought her in his home. she became his wife, and she gave him a son. but what david had done were evil in the eyes of the lord.

II Samuel 12:1 then the lord sent nathan to david. when he came to him, he said to him, " there were two men in one town, the one rich, the other fathered.

II Samuel 12:2 the rich man had a great number of sheep and bews.

II Samuel 12:3 but the fathered was nothing except a little lamb that he had completed and foreiged, and that he gathered together with him and his sons. he ate from his bread, drinking from his cup, sleeping in his bound, and it was for him as a daughter.

II Samuel 12:4 then a man who was rich came came to the rich man. but he refused to take some of his sheep or his bears to make for the journey who had come to him. he took the lamb of the fathered man and made it for the man who had come to him.

II Samuel 12:5 david became further wrath against the man, and he said to nathan, " so so as the lord lives that the man who has done this is a son of death.

II Samuel 12:6 and he will give the lamb seven times so that he has done this and that he did not spary. "

II Samuel 12:7 then nathan said to david, " you are the man ! so says the lord, the god of israel, ' i anointed you as king over israel, and i saved you from saul ' s hand,

II Samuel 12:8 i have given you your master ' s house and your masters ' women in your bound. i gave you the house of israel and judah. if it was a little, i will give you these things.

II Samuel 12:9 why then directed you the message of the lord and did what is evil in his eyes ? you have killed urija the hetheo with the sword, and have received his wife for your wife, and have killed him by the sword of the ammonites.

II Samuel 12:10 so then, the sword will never depart from your house to ever, because you have disjected me and received the wife of uriah the hetheo to be your wife. ' "

II Samuel 12:11 so says the lord, ' look, i will rebuke evil on you from your house, and i will take your women in your presence and give them to your neighbor, that he will put down with your women before this sun.

II Samuel 12:12 for you have done it in secret, but i will do this in the presence of all israel and before the sun. ' "

II Samuel 12:13 then david said to nathan, " i have sinned against the lord. " nathan said to david, " even the lord has transported your sins, you will never die.

II Samuel 12:14 but for this reason you have provoked the enemies of the lord with this reason, and your son who has been fathered to you will be put to death. "

II Samuel 12:15 then nathan went home. and the lord destroyed the child whom uriah ' s wife had given to david, and she was sick.

II Samuel 12:16 so david asked god for the child, and he fasting, and went and sat down in a sack on the ground.

II Samuel 12:17 so the elders of his house stood up to him to remove him from the earth, but he did not want and ate no bread with them.

II Samuel 12:18 on the siventh day the child died. the servants of david were afraid to tell him that the child was dead, because they said, " while the child is alive, we said to him, but he did not listen to us. how can we say to him that the child has been dead ? he can do evil. "

II Samuel 12:19 but when david realized that his servants were sick, he realized that the child was dead. he asked his servants, " is the child dead ? " they replied, " he has dead. "

II Samuel 12:20 then david got up from the earth, washed and anointed, threw his clothes and went into the house of the lord and worshiped. when he went home, he asked for something for him, and he ate.

II Samuel 12:21 his servants asked him, " what is this that you have done ? because the child was still alive, you were fasting and weeping. but when the child has died, you stand up and eat. "

II Samuel 12:22 he replied, " while the child was still alive, i fasted and weeped, because i asked, " who knows if the lord will show me mercy and the child will live ? "

II Samuel 12:23 but now he has been dead. why then should i fast ? i can bring him back again ? i will go to him, but he will not return to me. "

II Samuel 12:24 david incouraged his wife bath-sheba and entered her and lived with her. she gave birth to a son, whom he named solomon, and the lord loved him.

II Samuel 12:25 he sent the prophet nathan and called him jedidja, because of the lord.

II Samuel 12:26 so joab combatted rabba of the ammonitans and pushed the kingdom of the kingdom.

II Samuel 12:27 then joab sent messagers to david and said, " i have bathered rabba and have received the watercity.

II Samuel 12:28 now now gather the rest of the people and learn against the city and take it in, so that i may not take up the city and be called to be called my name on it. "

II Samuel 12:29 then david gathered all the people and went to rabba, attacked against it and pushed it.

II Samuel 12:30 he took the crown of their king from his head, whose gewictice was a talent of gold. he was placed with precious stones, and it was placed on david ' s head.

II Samuel 12:31 he brought the people there, who were in it, and placed them in picks, iron and iron. then he put them through the tickle. so he did with all the towns of the ammonites. then david and all the people returned to jerusalem.

II Samuel 13:1 after these things, david, the son of david, had a short sister named tamar, and amnon, the son of david, loved her.

II Samuel 13:2 amnon became afflicted because she was sick because of his sister tamar, because she was a virgin. amnon thought to make her anything.

II Samuel 13:3 but amnon had a friend named jonadab, the son of simea, the brother of david. jonadab was a suffering man.

II Samuel 13:4 then amnon said to him, " why do you think like a morning, the son of the king ? will you not tell me it ? " amnon replied, " i love tamar, a sister of my brother absalom. "

II Samuel 13:5 jonadab said to him, " sit at your bed and be sick. if your father comes to see you, tell him, ' let my sister tamar come and give me some food for my eyes, so that i may see it and eat from her hand. ' "

II Samuel 13:6 so amnon got down and became sick. when the king came to see him, amnon said to the king, " let my sister tamar come and make two brocks for my eyes, so that i may eat from her hand. "

II Samuel 13:7 then david sent out to tamar to thamar, saying, " go into the house of your brother amnon, and make it food for him. "

II Samuel 13:8 then thamar went into the house of her brother amnon, where she was sleeping. she took the staff, hugged it, gathered for his eyes and seized the rocks.

II Samuel 13:9 then she took the plance, gave it down before him, but he did not eat. then amnon said, " bring all out from me ! " so all went out from him.

II Samuel 13:10 then amnon said to thamar, " bring the food into the kammer, so i will eat from your hand. " then tamar took the pieces that she had done and brought them into the kammer to her brother amnon.

II Samuel 13:11 when she came to him to eat, he greated it and said to her, " come and sit with me, my sister. "

II Samuel 13:12 but she said, " not, my brother, do not humble me, because it is not done in israel. do not take this foolishness !

II Samuel 13:13 where should i bring my confusion ? and you will be like one of the foolish in israel. now speak to the king, for he will not remove me from you. "

II Samuel 13:14 but he did not want to listen to her voice, but became greater than she, and he humbled her and sat with her.

II Samuel 13:15 then amnon hated her with a great hater, because the haty he hated for her was greater than the love he had loved for her. then amnon said to her, " get up and go ! "

II Samuel 13:16 thamar said to him, " not, brother ! this last evil you have done is greater than the first that you have committed me. " but he did not listen to her.

II Samuel 13:17 he called his child who stood in his house and said, " send this woman away from me and call the door back after her ! "

II Samuel 13:18 she had a clothing of clothing, because the daughters of the king, virgins, had dressed their clothes. then his servant brought her out and separed the door after her.

II Samuel 13:19 then thamar took a fled and placed it on her head. she threw the clothing that had on her, placed her hands on her head and went along and shouted out.

II Samuel 13:20 her brother absalom said to her, " your brother amnon has been with you ? but now, my sister, leave, he is your brother. do not get your heart to speak this way. " so thamar remained in the house of her brother absalom.

II Samuel 13:21 when the king david heard all these words, he became very anger. but the spirit of his son amnon did not destroy because he loved him, because he was his firstborn.

II Samuel 13:22 but absalom did not speak to amnon, both evil or good, because absalom tried amnon because he had defiled his sister tamar.

II Samuel 13:23 after two years there had absalom tonderers in baal-hazor in the region of ephraim, absalom called all the sons of the king.

II Samuel 13:24 so absalom came to the king and said, " look, your slave is the sheep. let the king and his servants go with your slave ! "

II Samuel 13:25 but the king said to absalom, " not, my son, let us not go all, that we may not be down to you. " now david invited him, but he would not go, but blessed him.

II Samuel 13:26 absalom said, " if not, let my brother amnon go with us. " the king asked him, " why can he go with you ? "

II Samuel 13:27 but when absalom explained him, he sent amnon and all the son of the king with him.

II Samuel 13:28 then absalom said to his slaves, " see, whenever amnon ' s heart is good of the wine, and i say to you, ' have amnon killed ! ' then bring him to death. do not be afraid, because i command you not ? be courage and become wear ! "

II Samuel 13:29 the men of absalom did to amnon as absalom had instructed. then all the son of the king stood up, sat each on his musel and flowed.

II Samuel 13:30 while they were on the road, the message came to david : " absalom has killed all the sons of the king, and there is no one left from them. "

II Samuel 13:31 then the king stood up, tore his clothes and fell on the ground. all his servants stood there, tore their clothes.

II Samuel 13:32 but jonadab, the son of simea, the brother of david, replied, " my lord should not say that all the children, the son of the king, have killed. amnon is only dead, because from the day absalom kept his sister tamar.

II Samuel 13:33 so then, let my lord the king not take anything in his heart, saying, ' all the sons of the king have been dead. only amnon is dead. "

II Samuel 13:34 then absalom left. the slave darking looked up and saw that a large crowd go on the way after him, on the side of the mountain. when the wächter came and reported it to the king, he said, " i have seen men from the way of orath, from the other side of the mountain. "

II Samuel 13:35 jonadab said to the king, " look, the sons of the king are coming. according to the message of your slave, so he happened. "

II Samuel 13:36 when he had finished speaking, the son of the king came and raised their voice and weeped. even the king and all his servants weeped with a great weeping.

II Samuel 13:37 absalom flowed and went to thimmai, the son of ammihud, king of gesur. david mourned about his son always.

II Samuel 13:38 so absalom left and went to gesur, and he was there three years.

II Samuel 13:39 then the king david refused to follow absalom, because he had encouraged amnon that he had been dead.

II Samuel 14:1 now joab, the son of zeruja, realized that the king ' s heart was to absalom,

II Samuel 14:2 then joab sent a wise woman there and said to her, " let you mourn, and put yourself on mourning clothing, and be not anointed you with olive oil, and be like a woman who suffers for a dead for many days. "

II Samuel 14:3 then go to the king and speak this message to him. " so joab gave the words in her mouth.

II Samuel 14:4 then the woman from tekoa came to the king, fell with his face to the ground and worshiped, and said, " save, o king ! "

II Samuel 14:5 the king asked her, " what do you have ? " she replied, " look, i am a widow, my husband has died.

II Samuel 14:6 your slave ' s slave had two sons. they were both in the field, and there was no one to remove them. then the one struck the other and killed him.

II Samuel 14:7 and look, the whole tribe has stood against your slave, and they say, ' give the one who has killed his brother and let us put him to death for the life of his brother whom he has killed, and we will also destroy the herederman. ' so they will destroy my glool that has been left so that my husband would not lead name or name on the ground of the earth. "

II Samuel 14:8 the king said to the woman, " go home, and i will command about you. "

II Samuel 14:9 the woman from tekoa said to the king, " my lord and king, over me and over my father ' s house, but the king and his throne must be innocent. "

II Samuel 14:10 the king replied, " if anyone speaks to you, bring him back to me, and he will not touch him again. "

II Samuel 14:11 she said, " let the king remember the lord your god to destroy the blood of the blood, so that they may not destroy my son. " he said, " so as the lord lives, no hair of your son will fall down to the earth ! "

II Samuel 14:12 the woman said, " let your slave slave speak a message to my lord the king. " he replied, " speak. "

II Samuel 14:13 the woman said, " why did you think such things against the people of god ? for the king ' s message is like a transgression, because the king does not remove his destroyed. "

II Samuel 14:14 for we will be to death, and we will be like a water that comes down on the earth that will not be gathered. but god will take up life, and he intends to reject from him a released.

II Samuel 14:15 now i have come to speak this message to my lord king, because the people have seen me. then your slave slave replied, ' i will speak to the king, really the king will accomplish his servant '.

II Samuel 14:16 for the king will hear and save his slave of the hand of the man who is trying to release me and my son from the possession of god. "

II Samuel 14:17 and my wife said, " may the message of my lord the king be for a sacrifice, for my lord the king is like a angel of god to listen what is good and evil. so may the lord your god be with you. "

II Samuel 14:18 the king replied to the woman, " do not tear me anything i ask you. " the woman replied, " may my lord the king speak. "

II Samuel 14:19 then the king asked, " is yoabb ' s hand with you in all these things ? " the woman replied, " so to your life, my lord and king, it is not going to right or left from everything you said, my lord the king ! for your servant joab has instructed me and put these words in your slave ' s mouth.

II Samuel 14:20 because the servant of this message, your servant joab has done this. but my lord is wise as the wisdom of an angel of god, to know everything on the earth. "

II Samuel 14:21 then the king said to joab, " look, i have done this. go and bring the boy absalom back back. "

II Samuel 14:22 then joab fell with his face to the ground and worshiped and blessed the king. then joab said, " now your slave knows that i have found grace in your eyes, my lord and king, because the king has done his servant ' s order. "

II Samuel 14:23 so joab stood up and went to gessur and brought absalom to jerusalem.

II Samuel 14:24 but the king said, " he must return to his home, but must not see my face. " so absalom went home, but saw not the presence of the king.

II Samuel 14:25 in all the people of israel there was no one who was great praise, like absalom. from the fish from his feet until the head of him there was no matter.

II Samuel 14:26 whenever he stried his head, ( for it was in the beginning of every year, because he was hard for him, and he tosed it ), the hair of his head were two hundred silver coins according to the wall of the king.

II Samuel 14:27 so to absalom became three sons and one daughter named tamar. she was a short woman. so she became a wife to rehabeam, son of solomon, and she gave him abijah.

II Samuel 14:28 absalom remained two years in jerusalem, and he did not see the king ' s face.

II Samuel 14:29 so absalom sent a message to joab to send him to the king, but he did not come to him. he sent a second time, but he would not come.

II Samuel 14:30 then absalom said to his slaves, " look, the field of joab is near me, and there is gerste there. go and stop it in fire. " so the slaves of abschalom came to him, revealed their clothing.

II Samuel 14:31 so joab stood up and came to absalom in the house and said to him, " why have your servants gathered my part in fire ? "

II Samuel 14:32 absalom replied to joab, " look, i have sent to you saying, ' come here, so i will send you to the king to say, ' why have i come from gessur ? it would be better for me to be there. now now i will see the presence of the king. if there is unrighteousness in me, he may have me to death. "

II Samuel 14:33 so joab went to the king and reported it to him. so he called absalom, and he went to the king and worshiped him. he fell with his face to the ground before the king. and the king kissed absalom.

II Samuel 15:1 after these things absalom made for himself waves and loats and fifty man who were going before him.

II Samuel 15:2 the morning early absalom stood and stood by the way of the city. whenever anyone had a judgment against the king to judge, absalom called him and asked, " from which city are you ? " when the man replied, " your servant is from one of the tribes of israel. "

II Samuel 15:3 absalom said to him, " look, your words is good and right, but you have no one who listens to you from the king. "

II Samuel 15:4 then absalom said, " if me could put me a judge in the earth, then every person who has a defense or a judge came to me, so i will justify him. "

II Samuel 15:5 and as someone approached to worship him, he extended his hand, taught him and kissed him.

II Samuel 15:6 so absalom did this to all the people of israel who came to the king to judge. so absalom made the hearts of the men of israel.

II Samuel 15:7 now after caventy years had passed, absalom said to the king, " let me go in hebron and forgive my promise that i have promised to the lord.

II Samuel 15:8 for when i was loing in gesur in syria, your servant made a promise : ' if the lord turns me back to jerusalem, i will serve the lord. ' "

II Samuel 15:9 the king said to him, " go in peace. " so he got up and went to hebron.

II Samuel 15:10 absalom also sent messagers in all the tribes of israel to say, " when you hear the trumpet, say, ' absalom has become king in hebron ! ' "

II Samuel 15:11 two hundred man from jerusalem went with absalom. they were called and went in their sincerity, and did not know anything.

II Samuel 15:12 now when absalom offered sacrifice, absalom called ahitofel the gilonita, the council of david, from his town from gilo. so the confidence became great, and the people were greater with absalom.

II Samuel 15:13 then a message came to david, saying, " the hearts of the men of israel have accompanied absalom. "

II Samuel 15:14 then david said to all his servants who were with him in jerusalem, " get up and flow, for there is no encouragement from our presence of absalom. get away to go so that he may not sure us and not take evil on us and think the city with the sword of the sword. "

II Samuel 15:15 the servants of the king said to the king, " all what our lord the king desires, look, they are your servants. "

II Samuel 15:16 then the king went out with all his family with his feet. but the king left a ten women of his newijds to guard the house.

II Samuel 15:17 so the king and all the people who were with him went out, and they stood in a ferl house.

II Samuel 15:18 all his men accompanied the lame of the lame david, with all the hetetheus and the peletites, and they stood on the olive oil in the wilderness. all the people were accompanied him with all his companions, all the lame of the lame, were two hundred man who came from gath and went before you.

II Samuel 15:19 then the king said to ittai the gath, " why do you go with us ? return and live with the king, for you are a fremder and you have departed from your place. "

II Samuel 15:20 evening you have come, and i will reject you today with us ? if i go where i am going, return and bring your brothers back with you. mercy and truth. "

II Samuel 15:21 but ittai answered the king, " so to the lord and so to the lord the king, in the place where my lord the king is, whether for death or for life there will be your slave. "

II Samuel 15:22 david said to ittai, " come and pass with me. " so ithai the gath and all his people and the whole crowd who was with him.

II Samuel 15:23 all the people weeped with a loud voice, and all the people went through. when the king passed the torrent cedron, all the people and the king passed through the road of the wilderness.

II Samuel 15:24 even zadok and all the lévites with him, carriing the ark of the covenant of god, and they stood the ark of god. so abiathar went up until all the people had fined away from the city.

II Samuel 15:25 then the king said to zadok, " bring the ark of god back into the city. if i find grace in the eyes of the lord, he will turn me back and show me her and her place.

II Samuel 15:26 but if he says, ' i have not mercy on you, ' look, i am ! let me do what is good in his eyes. "

II Samuel 15:27 then the king said to zadok the priest, " you are not seen ? return in peace to the city, with your two sons, your son ahimaas and jonatan the son of abiathar.

II Samuel 15:28 look, i will live in the wilderness of the wilderness until a message comes from you to report to me. "

II Samuel 15:29 so zadok and abiathar returned the ark of the ark in jerusalem and sat there.

II Samuel 15:30 now david was going up by the mount of olives, going up and weeping. he was clothed with clothing, and all the people who were with him coopped each one his head. they went up and weeping.

II Samuel 15:31 when david heard about that ahitofel was among those who were accompanied absalom. " then david said, " lord, bring the plan of achitophel away ! "

II Samuel 15:32 now when david came to the room where he worshiped god, husai the archita came to incontro him, clothed his clothing, and food on his head.

II Samuel 15:33 david said to him, " if you come with me you will be my last.

II Samuel 15:34 but if you return to the town and say to absalom, ' i will be your servant, o king ! i became now your father ' s servant, so you will destroy the plan of ahitofel for me.

II Samuel 15:35 the priests zadok and abiathar are there with you ? whatever you hear of the king ' s house, you will tell the priests zadok and abiathar.

II Samuel 15:36 look, there are their two sons, ahimaas the son of zadok, and jonathan the son of abiathar. by them you will send me every thing you hear. "

II Samuel 15:37 so hushai, the friend of david, entered the city, while absalom went in jerusalem.

II Samuel 16:1 now when david had passed a little time from the room, siba, the servant of mefiboseth, came to meet him with two gathered esels, and on them were two hundred bread, hundred branches of pieces, hundred branches of palms and a batch wine.

II Samuel 16:2 then the king asked siba, " what is this for you ? " siba replied, " the eseep are for the household of the king, the bread and the palmers to eat the children for food, and the wine to drink those who are destroyed in the wilderness. "

II Samuel 16:3 the king asked, " where is the son of your lord ? " siba replied to the king, " he remains in jerusalem, because he said, ' today the house of israel will repay me the kingdom of my father. ' "

II Samuel 16:4 then the king said to siba, " look, everything you possess to mefiboseth. " siba replied, " i worship. may i find grace in your eyes, my lord and king. "

II Samuel 16:5 when the king david came to bahurim, there was a man from the family of saul named simei, son of gera. he went out and praised.

II Samuel 16:6 he stone with stones david and all the servants of the king david, while all the people and all the held were at his right and left the king.

II Samuel 16:7 now simei, praying him, said this : " come out, come out, you blowful man, you unbelievers !

II Samuel 16:8 the lord has revealed to you all the blood of the house of saul, for you have become king in his place. and the lord has given the kingdom in the hand of your son absalom. look, you are in your evil deeds, because you are a blow man ! "

II Samuel 16:9 then abisai the son of zeruia said to the king, " why does this dead wund curse my lord the king ? let me go away and take him away ! "

II Samuel 16:10 but the king replied, " what have i with you to do, you sons of zeruja ? if he bleve, because the lord said to him, ' praise david ! ' who can say, ' why are you doing this ? ' "

II Samuel 16:11 then david said to abisai and to all his servants, " look, my son who has gone out of my body is trying to save for my life. how much more is this benyinian ? let him get, he should praise, because the lord has said to him.

II Samuel 16:12 if the lord may see it in my affliction, he will repay me good because of his fluction on this day. "

II Samuel 16:13 so david and his people went on the way, but simei went on the side of the mountain ahead of him. he went and insulted and stoned with stones on the side of him.

II Samuel 16:14 then the king and all the people who were with him went to be distressed and died there.

II Samuel 16:15 now absalom and all the people of israel went to jerusalem, and ahitofel was with him.

II Samuel 16:16 when hushai the arach, the friend of david, came to absalom, hushai said to absalom, " let the king live ! let the king live ! "

II Samuel 16:17 absalom said to husai, " is this your mercy to your friend ? why did you not go with your friend ? "

II Samuel 16:18 hushai said to absalom, " no, but the one whom the lord and this people and all the men of israel have chosen, i will be for him, and i will live with him.

II Samuel 16:19 and to the second time, to whom should i serve ? should i not serve his son ? just as i served your father, i will be with you. "

II Samuel 16:20 so absalom said to achitophel, " bring a plan to what we should do. "

II Samuel 16:21 ahitofel said to absalom, " enter the newijs of your father, whom he left to guard his house. when all the people of israel will hear that you have made your father shame, and all who are with you will be strengthened. "

II Samuel 16:22 then they placed a tabernacle to absalom on the roof, and absalom entered his father ' s widitters in the presence of all the israelites.

II Samuel 16:23 now the plan of ahitofel, which he planted in those days, was like the one who asked god ' s word. so the whole consice of achitophel was also for david or for absalom.

II Samuel 17:1 ahitofel said to absalom, " send out twelve thousand man, and i will get up and follow david at that night.

II Samuel 17:2 then i will come to him when he is stumbling and hard of hands, and will destroy him, so that all the people who are with him will flee, and i will strike the king alone.

II Samuel 17:3 then i will bring all the people to you. just as the bridegroom returns to her husband, except the life of the one you look. then the whole people will be peace. "

II Samuel 17:4 this saying was right before absalom and all the elders of israel.

II Samuel 17:5 but absalom said, " call out the arkita hushai too, and let us hear what he says. "

II Samuel 17:6 when hushai came to absalom, absalom said to him, " so achitophel has said this. do us do what he said ? if not, say you. "

II Samuel 17:7 hushai said to absalom, " the plan achitophel this very time is not good. "

II Samuel 17:8 and husai said, " you know that your father and his people are powerful, and they are bitterly devoted as a bear, seized in the field, and your father is a battle man, who does not live with the people.

II Samuel 17:9 look, he is now secret in one of the mountains or in one of the other places. whenever among them fall on the beginning, the one who listens will say, ' there has a plague among the people who follow absalom ! '

II Samuel 17:10 so even a powerful man who has a heart like a lion will fall away, because all the people of israel know that your father is a powerful man, and that those who are with him are a powerful people.

II Samuel 17:11 therefore i consider that all of israel, from dan to beer-sheba, will gather together against you, like the sand of sand on the sea, and you must go in their middle.

II Samuel 17:12 then we will come to him in one of the place where we find him, and we will fall on him as the daug falls on the ground, and there is no rest of him or all the men who are with him.

II Samuel 17:13 if he is gathered into a town, the whole israel will take stricks against that town, and we will put it down into the beach so that there is no one of stone. "

II Samuel 17:14 then absalom and all the men of israel said, " the plan of husai the arkita is better than the plan of ahitofel. " for the lord had commanded to destroy the good plan of ahitofel, so that the lord may bring all the evil things over absalom.

II Samuel 17:15 hushai said to the priests zadok and abiathar : " achitophel consequed absalom and the elders of israel, and i served this and this.

II Samuel 17:16 so send quicchly and tell david this message, ' do not stay in the wilderness of the wilderness, but also come over, so that the king and all the people who are with him may not fall down. "

II Samuel 17:17 jonatan and ahimaas stood in the roogl of rogel. a slave girl went and told them, and they went and told king david, because they were not able to appear in the city.

II Samuel 17:18 but a child saw them and reported it to absalom. so they went quicchly and went into the house of a man in bahurim. he had a cistery in his courtyard and went down there.

II Samuel 17:19 then the woman took it and bread the depeat on the face of the ground, threw pieces on it, so that nothing was known.

II Samuel 17:20 when the men ' s slaves came to the woman, they asked, " where are ahimaas and jonatan ? " the woman replied, " they have passed through the water. " so they were seeking, but did not find it, then they returned to jerusalem.

II Samuel 17:21 when they had gone, they went up from the ground and went and reported to the king david. they said to david, " stand up and go quicgly over the water, for ahitofel has planted so against you. "

II Samuel 17:22 so david and all his people stood and went over the jordan river. at the morning of morning there was no one who had passed over the jordan river.

II Samuel 17:23 now when ahitofel saw that his plan was not done, he burned his eselin, got up, went home, to his home, and commanded his family. then he died and was buried in his father ' s tomb.

II Samuel 17:24 david went to mahanaim, and absalom went through the jordan river with all the people of israel with him.

II Samuel 17:25 absalom had made amasa on the place of joab over the lame. amasa was a son of a man named jetro the israelita who had entered abigail, daughter of nahas, sister of seruja, yoabb ' s mother. )

II Samuel 17:26 so israel and absalom were bound in the land of gilead.

II Samuel 17:27 when david came to mahanaim, sobi, the son of nahas from rabba of the ammonitans, machir the son of ammiel from lodebar, and barzillai the gileadit from rogelim

II Samuel 17:28 brought other places, pieces, bases, fire wheat, fish, fish, fish, clothing, sors,

II Samuel 17:29 mel, buth, sheep, and backs of oxes brought to david and to the people who were with him to eat, because they said, " people were hungry, distressed and thirsty in the wilderness. "

II Samuel 18:1 then david contacted the people who were with him and sat over them commanding officers and centurions.

II Samuel 18:2 then david sent a third of the people under joab, a third under abisain, the son of zeruja, the brother of joab, and a third under ittai the gath. then david said to the people, " i will come with you. "

II Samuel 18:3 but the man replied, " you will not go out. if we fuck away, they will not lead us. if a helft of us is dead, they will not put a mind on us, because you are like ten thousand of us. now now it is better that you may help us in the city to help us. "

II Samuel 18:4 the king said to them, " i will do what is right in your eyes. " so the king stood in the side of the city, and all the people went out of hundredles and thousand.

II Samuel 18:5 then the king ordered joab, abisai, and ittai, saying, " fear me with the child absalom ! " and all the people heard what the king ordered to all the rulers about absalom.

II Samuel 18:6 so the people went out to the field against israel, and the battle was in the camp of ephraim.

II Samuel 18:7 there the people of israel were divided there before the servants of david, and there was a great plage on that day for twenty-thousand people.

II Samuel 18:8 the battle was dispersed there on the face of the whole land, and the sea died the people more than those whom the sword had devoured on that day.

II Samuel 18:9 so absalom accompanied the servants of david. absalom cavalled on a mule, and the musel entered the terpent of the great terebinthe terebinthe terebinthe terebinthe terebinthe terebinthe terebinthe terebinthe, and he was thrown among the heaven and the earth, but the musel that was under him passed.

II Samuel 18:10 then one man saw this and reported this to joab, saying, " look, i have seen absalom ricing on a terebinthe. "

II Samuel 18:11 joab said to the man who reported this message : " if you saw him, why did you not put him to the earth ? i would have given you ten silver coins and one hail. "

II Samuel 18:12 but the man said to joab, " even if i put in my hands a hundred silver coins of silver, i will not extend my hand against the son ' s son, because we heard our orders that the king gave you, abisai, and ittai, saying, ' beware of the young man absalom ! '

II Samuel 18:13 if i had done unjustice against my life, the king would not be revealed from the king, and you would stand against him. "

II Samuel 18:14 joab said, " i will not be so with you. " so he took three picks in his hand and putted them in absaloms ' s heart, while he was still living in the terebinthe.

II Samuel 18:15 then ten men of yoabs ' owerders went around and struck absalom and killed him.

II Samuel 18:16 then joab shouted the trumpet, and the people returned from persecution to israel, because joab rejected the people.

II Samuel 18:17 so they took absalom and throwed him into a great grap in the sea and put a great stone of stones on him. and all the israelites flow, each one to his home.

II Samuel 18:18 now when absalom was leaving, he revealed to himself the stone that was in the region of king, because he said, " i have no son to remember about my name. " so he called the step of absalom, which is to this day.

II Samuel 18:19 ahimaas, the son of zadok, said, " let me run and proclaim to the king that the lord has rejected him from his enemies. "

II Samuel 18:20 but joab said to him, " you will not be a good message on this day. you will proclaim the good news on another day, but you will not proclaim this day because the son of the king has been dead. "

II Samuel 18:21 then joab said to husai, " go and tell the king what you saw. " and hushai worshiped joab and went out.

II Samuel 18:22 but ahimaas the son of zadok continued to say to joab, " let it happen, i will run away after the hushai. " joab said, " why can you run, my son ? you have no good news to go. "

II Samuel 18:23 he asked, " what is it that i will run. " and he said, " run. " ahimaas ran off the road and preached the hushai.

II Samuel 18:24 david was sitting among the two gates. the wächter went on the table of the city to the wall. when he looked up, he saw a man carriing alone.

II Samuel 18:25 the officers cried out and reported it to the king. the king said, " if he is only, he is a good news. " so he was going along and approaching.

II Samuel 18:26 the officers saw another man walking. he cried out to the door, " look, there is another man trembling alone. " the king replied, " this too is a good news. "

II Samuel 18:27 the darkness said, " i see the ran of the first man like the walk of ahimaas the son of zadok. " the king replied, " he is a good man, he comes a good gospel. "

II Samuel 18:28 ahimaas called and said to the king, " peace ! " then he worshiped the king with his face to the ground before the king and said, " blessed be the lord your god, who has brought the men against my lord the king ! "

II Samuel 18:29 the king asked, " is it with the child absalom ? " ahimaas replied, " i saw the great multitude when joab sent the king ' s slave and your servant. but i did not know what it was. "

II Samuel 18:30 the king said, " get up and stand here. " so he turned and stood.

II Samuel 18:31 now the hushai came and said to the king, " let my lord the king proclaim the good news that the lord has judged you today from the hand of all who stood up against you. "

II Samuel 18:32 the king asked hushai, " is it peace with the child absalom ? " the hushai replied, " let the enemies of my lord the king and all who rose against you to evil. "

II Samuel 18:33 when he went in, the king was greatly distressed, and he went up to the room of the city and weeped. as he went on, he said, " my son absalom, my son, my son absalom ! oh, if i could be died in your place, absalom, my son, my son ! "

II Samuel 19:1 it was suffering to joab, and they said, " look, the king is weeping and mourning about absalom ! "

II Samuel 19:2 in that day, salvation became mourning in that day for all the people, because the people heard about his son, because they heard about his son.

II Samuel 19:3 in that journey, the people were difficulted in that day to enter the city as the people who are ashamed when they floar in the battle.

II Samuel 19:4 it is just as the king has hidden his face. then the king cried out with a loud voice, " my son absalom ! absalom, my son, my son ! "

II Samuel 19:5 when he was in this way, joab went into the house to the king and said, " you have rejected today the face of all your servants, who living you today, and the life of your sons and your daughters, and the life of your women, and the life of your nehustrues.

II Samuel 19:6 you would love them to love those who hates you and haty those who love you. because you have revealed that your rulers or slaves are not. because i know today that if absalom would live and we were all dead, then you would be right in your eyes.

II Samuel 19:7 you will be like this. so stand up, go out and speak in the heart of your servants, for i swear by the lord that unless you come out of this day, there will never stay with you this night. this will be better for you than all the evil things they have come against you from your jeugn until now. "

II Samuel 19:8 it was suffering to him. " then the king stood up and sat down at the door. they revealed all the people, " look, the king sits on the city. " then all the people went in before the king. but when israel was flow, each one to his homes.

II Samuel 19:9 all the people were judged in all the tribes of israel. they were saying, " the king has saved us from the hand of our enemies, and he has saved us from the hand of the philistins, and now he has flow from the land from absaalom.

II Samuel 19:10 it is the journey to him, and absalom whom we anointed over us has died in the battle. why then do you not stop to return the king ? "

II Samuel 19:11 thus the king david sent these things to zadok and abiathar, the priests, saying, " speak to the elders of judah and say, ' why are you the last to bring the king back to his house ? ( for the message of all the people of israel came to the king to his house.

II Samuel 19:12 you are two of my brothers, you are my flesh and my flesh. why then you are the last to bring the king back to his house ? "

II Samuel 19:13 you should say to him, ' you are not my flesh and my flesh ? may god do this with me and more to more, if you do not be a ruling ruler before me in the place of joab ! '

II Samuel 19:14 it is suffering to him and lead the heart of all the people of judah like one man. then they sent to the king to say, " return, you and all your servants ! "

II Samuel 19:15 it was about this, and the king returned, and when he came to the jordan river, the people of judah came to gilgal to go the king in a way to bring the king over jordan.

II Samuel 19:16 simei, the son of gera, the benjaminian, from bahurim, stood up and went down with the people of judah to help the king david.

II Samuel 19:17 there is two men and a thousand people from benjamin with him, and siba, the servant of saul ' s house, with his fifteen sons and his twenty servants. they went on the jordan river before the king.

II Samuel 19:18 thus simei, son of gera, fell down to serve the king and to do what is right before him. but simei the son of gera fell down to the face of the king when he went over the jordan.

II Samuel 19:19 he was different to him and said to the king, " may my lord not think the wrong and do not remember what your servant has done, on the day my lord the king comes out of jerusalem, so that the king should put it in his heart.

II Samuel 19:20 just as your servant knows that i have sinned, now i have come first of the entire of the house of joseph to come down to help my lord the king. "

II Samuel 19:21 abisain, the son of zeruja, answered, " does simei not be put to death because he has bleved the lord ' s christ ? "

II Samuel 19:22 david said to him, " what is you to do with you, you sons of zeruja, that you become my guards today ? will no one be put to death in israel ? i do not know that i am today reigned over israel ? "

II Samuel 19:23 the king was suffering to him. " then the king said to simei, " you will not die. " so the king ordered him.

II Samuel 19:24 from the day the king went away until the day the king went away until the day he returned, he went down to renhor the king. he did not sick his feet, neither stopped his stab, and did not pletch his clothes from the day the king went away until the day he returned in peace.

II Samuel 19:25 when he came to jerusalem to meet the king, the king asked him, " why did you not accompany me, mefiboseth ? "

II Samuel 19:26 when he was about him, mefiboseth said to him, " my lord and king, my servant has rejected me, because your servant said to him, ' put on me the eselin, so that i may go on it and go with the king, because your servant is lame.

II Samuel 19:27 he will be districted to him, and he has treated my servant to my lord the king. but my lord the king is like a angel of god. do what you think.

II Samuel 19:28 you will be about this, because all the family of my father did not be for death before my lord the king. yet you have put your slave among those who eat on your table. what then is there for me to call for the king ? "

II Samuel 19:29 when it was to it, the king said to him, " why are you still speaking about your words ? i have said, you and siba divide the field. "

II Samuel 19:30 it will be suffering to him. " and mefiboseth replied, " let he receive all things, since my lord the king has come with peace to his house. "

II Samuel 19:31 barzillai the galaadita went down from rogelim and went over the jordan river with the king to send him over the jordan river.

II Samuel 19:32 there is barzillai and barzillai much man, eventy-eight years. he permitted the king while he was in mahanaim, because he was a great man.

II Samuel 19:33 when it is about it, the king said to barzillai, " you will come with me, so that i will perform you with me in jerusalem. "

II Samuel 19:34 however, barzillai said to the king, " how many days i am for life that i will go with the king to jerusalem ?

II Samuel 19:35 i am now fountyght years. i am today for eighty-eight years ? should i understand what is good and evil ? should your slave still eat what i eat or drink ? or should i still hear the voice of those who cander and canders ? why then will your slave more be a buke for my lord the king ?

II Samuel 19:36 i will be just as your servant will come over the jordan with the king for a short time. why then does the king repay me this reward ?

II Samuel 19:37 look, let my servant remove for him, so that i will live in my city, at the tomb of my father and mother. but look, here is your servant kimham. let he go with my lord the king, and do with him what you think. "

II Samuel 19:38 he will be different with him. " then the king replied, " kimham will come with me, and i will do to him what you will, and i will do for you everything you ask for me. "

II Samuel 19:39 the whole crowd passed over jordan, and when the king went over, the king kissed barzillai, blessed him, and he returned to his home.

II Samuel 19:40 all the people of judah and the half of the people of israel went over to gilgal. kimham went through him, and all the people of judah and the half of the people of israel went with the king.

II Samuel 19:41 some of the people of israel came to the king and said to him, " why our brothers the people of judah have seized you and passed both the king and his house over the jordan river, and all the men of david with him ? "

II Samuel 19:42 in this way all the people of judah replied to the people of israel, " for the king is near me. why then are you encouraged about this ? did we eat from the king, or have he given ours for us ? "

II Samuel 19:43 instead, the people of israel replied to the people of judah, " we have ten hands among the king, and even in david we are more than you. why then did you destroy me ? and it was not the first of us to turn my king back first ? " but the message of the men of judah was greater than the words of the israelites.

II Samuel 20:1 there there was a transgressed man named seba, the son of bichri, a benjaminita. he blasen the trumpet and said, " we have no part in david, nor possession in the son of isaes. each one to your homes, o israel ! "

II Samuel 20:2 so all the men of israel went up from david and followed seba, the son of bichri. but the people of judah were leading to their king from the jordan river until jerusalem.

II Samuel 20:3 now when david entered his house in jerusalem, the king took the ten women of his newijds that he had left to guard the house, and put them in a prison house. he permitted them, but did not enter them. so they were assembled until the day of their death, although they were widow.

II Samuel 20:4 then the king said to amasa, " call the people of judah to me for three days, and you stand there. "

II Samuel 20:5 so amasa went to call out of judah, but he destroyed from the time david had commanded him.

II Samuel 20:6 then david said to abisai, " now seba, the son of bichri, will make us greater than absalom. take the servants of your lord and follow him, so that he does not find fortificated towns and bear us. "

II Samuel 20:7 so the men of joab, the cheretites, the peletites, and all the held, went out of jerusalem to follow seba, the son of bichri.

II Samuel 20:8 when they came to the great stone that is in gibeon, amasa went in before them. joab was clothed with a clothing, and on it was clothed with a sword clothed around his beast. when he came out, the sword fell down.

II Samuel 20:9 joab said to amasa, " is you well, brother ? " and joab greated amasa with his right hand to amasa ', to kiss him.

II Samuel 20:10 but amasa did not obey the sword that was in yoabb ' s hand, and joab struck him by it, so that his wombs were thrown out to the earth, and he did not need him, so that he died. then joab and his brother abisai persecuted seba the son of bichri.

II Samuel 20:11 a man of the servants of joab stood at him and said, " whoever is about joab and who is for david follow joab ! "

II Samuel 20:12 amasa was clothed in his blood in the middle of the road. when the man saw that all the people stood, he turned amasa from the way to the field and throwed a clothing on him, because he saw all who came to him stood.

II Samuel 20:13 when he was coming from the road, all accompanied joab to follow seba, the son of bichri.

II Samuel 20:14 so he passed through all the tribes of israel to abel and betmacha, and all the beres were gathered and followed him.

II Samuel 20:15 so the people who were with joab came and bellayed him in abel bethmacha, and they gathered a call against the city, and they stood before the portice. all the people who were with joab arrested to throw the muur.

II Samuel 20:16 then a wise woman came out of the muur, " listen, listen ! tell joab, come here, so i will speak to him. "

II Samuel 20:17 when he approached her, the woman asked, " you are joab ? " he replied, " i am. " she said to him, " listen to the words of your slave. " he replied, " i hear. "

II Samuel 20:18 she replied, " in the first time they were saying, ' they should ask for abel, ' but so were they destroyed. "

II Samuel 20:19 i am faithful and calling of israel. you are trying to execute a city and a mother in israel. why can you destroy the inheritance of the lord ? "

II Samuel 20:20 joab replied, " destroyed from me ! i will not destroy or destroy.

II Samuel 20:21 this is not this way. for a man from the mountain of ephraim is named seba, the son of bichri, raised his hand against the king david. give him only, and i will go away from the city. " the woman said to joab, " look, his head will be thrown down to you through the muur. "

II Samuel 20:22 then the woman went to all the people with her wisdom, and they threw seba son of bichri the head and throwed it to joab. then joab stofted the trumpet, and they were dispersed from the city, each one to his hometown. now joab returned to jerusalem to the king.

II Samuel 20:23 joab was over all the lame of israel, and benaia, the son of joiada, was over the chereties and the pelethees.

II Samuel 20:24 adoram was over the officers, yosafat, the son of ahilud, was kanciller.

II Samuel 20:25 son was a experts in the law, zadok and abiathar were priests.

II Samuel 20:26 even ira the jaarin was a priest over david.

II Samuel 21:1 in the days of david there was a famine for three years for a year. then david asked the lord, and the lord said, " this is for saul and for his blood of blood, because he has killed the gibeonitas. "

II Samuel 21:2 then the king called the gibeonitas and said to them. ( now the gibeonites were not of the israelites, but from the rest of the amoreens. ( now the israelites had sworl by them. but saul and saul refused to kill them because he was in his harity for the people of israel and judah. )

II Samuel 21:3 so david said to the gibeonitas, " what should i do for you, and how to make my reconciliation, that you may praise the inheritance of the lord ? "

II Samuel 21:4 the gibeonitians replied, " we have not something for saul or his household of silver or gold, and we have no man to put to death in israel. " he asked, " what should you say that i will do to you ? "

II Samuel 21:5 they said to the king, " the man who rejected us and intended to destroy us, so that we would not live in all the territory of israel,

II Samuel 21:6 let us give us seven men from his sons, so that we may bring them up to the lord in gibeah of saul, the elect of the lord. " the king replied, " i will give it. "

II Samuel 21:7 but the king spared mefiboseth, the son of jonatan, son of saul, because he swored the swear of the lord that was among them, by david and jonatan, son of saul.

II Samuel 21:8 but the king took the two sons of rizpa the daughter of aja who she was given to saul, armoni and mefiboseth, and the five sons of michal the daughter of saul who she had given to asriel the son of barzillai the maaholita.

II Samuel 21:9 and he gave them in the hand of the gibeonians, who divided them on the mountain before the lord. so the seven died together. they were killed in the first days of harvest, at the beginning of the harvest reast. )

II Samuel 21:10 then rispa the daughter of aja took a sack and put it on the rock from the beginning of the harvest until the water came from heaven on them. she did not give the wild birds to rest day on them day, nor the wild birds in the night.

II Samuel 21:11 when they heard to david what rispa, daughter of aja, saul ' s wife, had done.

II Samuel 21:12 so david went and took saul and his son jonathan from the men of jabes in gilead who had seized them from the street of bethsan, where the philistijens had seized them on the day when the philistijens had killed saul in gilboa.

II Samuel 21:13 then he brought the bears of saul and the bears of his son jonatan, and they gathered the bears of those who had been taken away.

II Samuel 21:14 they buried saul and his son jonatan in the land of benjamin in thela, in the tomb of his father kis. they did everything king had commanded. after these things god explained the earth.

II Samuel 21:15 now there was a battle against the philistian with israel. so david went down with his officers and streyed against the philistins. so david died.

II Samuel 21:16 so jisbi-benob, who was of the descendants of the raphas, who made three hundred silver coins of bronze - he had been clothed with a new clothing, intended to kill david.

II Samuel 21:17 but abisai, the son of zeruja, helped him and struck the filistian and killed him. then the men of david spoke to him, " you will never go out with us to battle, so that we will not destroy the lamp of israel. "

II Samuel 21:18 after this there was another battle with the philistins in gath. then sibbechai the husathite struck saf, who was of the descendants of raphas.

II Samuel 21:19 now there was a battle with the philistins in gob. elhanan, the son of jaare-oregim the bethleemites, struck goliat the gath, whose wear ' s wear was like a wear of weberer.

II Samuel 21:20 there was another battle at gath. there was a great man, who had sex fingers on his hands and sex fingers on his feet, seventy-four. he too was a child of the raphas.

II Samuel 21:21 when he insulted israel, jonatan, the son of simei, the brother of david, struck him.

II Samuel 21:22 these four were the family of the refaïs in gath, and they died by david and his servants.

II Samuel 22:1 then david spoke this sweak to the lord on the day when the lord saved him from the hand of all his enemies and from saul ' s hand.

II Samuel 22:2 and he said, " lord is my rock, my roof, my refricter,

II Samuel 22:3 god is my burdow, in whom i hope, my schild, the horn of my salvation, my roof, my burder, my savior, from the ungodly you save me.

II Samuel 22:4 " i call to the lord praise, and i will be saved from my enemies.

II Samuel 22:5 since death of death carried me, the torrens of lawlessness were astonished over me.

II Samuel 22:6 death of death assembled me, the harvest of death arrested me.

II Samuel 22:7 in my persecution i called the lord, i called to my god, and he heard my voice from his temple, and my rop came to his ears.

II Samuel 22:8 then the earth was greatly distressed and trembled, the foundation of heaven were trembling, because it was anger.

II Samuel 22:9 smoke came out of his wrath, and a fire came from his mouth, flowing flowing from him.

II Samuel 22:10 he leaded heaven and came down, and a darkness was under his feet.

II Samuel 22:11 he seated on a cherub and scattered, and he appeared on the vinger of the wind.

II Samuel 22:12 he made a darkness around him and his tabernacle around him, darkness of waters, wild clouds.

II Samuel 22:13 from the light that was before him, fire of fire were burned.

II Samuel 22:14 the lord greed from heaven, the most high gave his voice.

II Samuel 22:15 he sent picks, threw them down, flashes and distressed them.

II Samuel 22:16 then the havets of the sea appeared, the foundation of the world was revealed by the rebellion of the lord by the spirit of his wrath.

II Samuel 22:17 he sent out from high and took me, raised me out of many waters.

II Samuel 22:18 he saved me from my great enemies, from those who hated me, because they were more greater than i am.

II Samuel 22:19 they came to me on the day of my benefit, but the lord was my strengthening.

II Samuel 22:20 he brought me out into a street, he saved me, because he placed to me.

II Samuel 22:21 the lord repay me according to my righteousness, he repay me according to the purity of my hands.

II Samuel 22:22 for i have obeyed the way of the lord and have not rejected evil from my god.

II Samuel 22:23 for all his judgments were before me, and i have not left his commandments.

II Samuel 22:24 i was perfect for him and looked away from my lawlessness.

II Samuel 22:25 so the lord gave me according to my righteousness, according to my purity for his eyes.

II Samuel 22:26 with a holy man you will be holy, with a perfect man you will be perfect.

II Samuel 22:27 to a unclean man you will be clear, but with a perverse you will be rejected.

II Samuel 22:28 you will save the poor people, but you will humble the poor people.

II Samuel 22:29 for you are my lamp, lord, and the lord lamps my darkness.

II Samuel 22:30 for with you i flow up with my god, with my god i gathered the muur.

II Samuel 22:31 his way is perfect, the word of the lord is pure, he is the scild for all who confidence in him.

II Samuel 22:32 for who is god except the lord ? and who is the creature except our god ?

II Samuel 22:33 god is my force force, and he destroys my way -

II Samuel 22:34 he lives my feet like birs and leads me on my high heads.

II Samuel 22:35 he instructs my hands to combation, and my hand causes a copered boog.

II Samuel 22:36 you gave me the scild of your salvation, and your obection multiplied me.

II Samuel 22:37 tu has bread my feet under me, and my feet are not deceived.

II Samuel 22:38 i persecute my enemies and destroy them, and i will not return until i have completed them.

II Samuel 22:39 i will throw them down, and not stand up, they fall down at my feet.

II Samuel 22:40 you strengthened me with power for battle, you put my adversaries under me.

II Samuel 22:41 you gave me the sword of my enemies, and i killed those who hates me.

II Samuel 22:42 they call, but there is no help. to the lord, but he did not listen to them.

II Samuel 22:43 i gathered them like the stof of the earth, i gathered them like the tond of the straight.

II Samuel 22:44 you delivered me from the help of my people. you guard me as a head over the nations, a people i never knew served me.

II Samuel 22:45 foolish people insult me, they listen to me and listen to me.

II Samuel 22:46 foolish people will be thrown down, and they will be shaken from their leaders.

II Samuel 22:47 " so to the lord and blessed is my roof ! he will be exalted, god, the roof of my savior !

II Samuel 22:48 he is god who gives me justice, who causes peoples under me,

II Samuel 22:49 you sakes me out of my enemies. you exalted me from those who stand up against me, you delivered me from the ungodly man.

II Samuel 22:50 for this reason i will praise you, lord, among the nations, and i will praise your name.

II Samuel 22:51 he is great salvation to his king, and practice mercy to his christ, to david and to his descendants forever. "

II Samuel 23:1 these are the last words of david. this is david, the son of isaes, and the man who revealed, the christ of the god of jacob, the glorious psalms of israel :

II Samuel 23:2 the spirit of the lord has spoken by me, and his message is on my tongue.

II Samuel 23:3 the god of israel says to me, " the guard of israel said to me a parable : " in human authority you will experience the fear of god.

II Samuel 23:4 it is as the light of the morning, when the sun comes up, the light of the wind comes from the earth.

II Samuel 23:5 " for not this is my house with god ? he has made a eternal covenant with me, prepared in every time and completed. for all my salvation and all my will will be revealed.

II Samuel 23:6 but all of them are like destroyed thoruers, because they will not take away a hand.

II Samuel 23:7 if anyone lovers them, he will be filled with iron and strotch of lightning, and they will be burned up with fire. "

II Samuel 23:8 these are the name of the helden of david : isboseth the asonita, a ruler of the third. he seized his sword against fifty hundred men who had killed together.

II Samuel 23:9 after him was eleazar the son of dodo, a son of ahohi. he was one of the three helden who were with david when they insulted the philistins that were assembled there to battle. so the israelites went up.

II Samuel 23:10 he got up and struck the philistins until his hand was cut, and his hand stopped on the sword. so the lord gave a great salvation on that day, and the people followed him except to destroy.

II Samuel 23:11 after him was semaja, the son of age the harar. when the philistijens were gathered together in a wild country, where there was a flock full of fish, and the people flowed from the filistijs.

II Samuel 23:12 but he stood in the middle, saved it and struck the philisters. and the lord gave great salvation.

II Samuel 23:13 then three of the thirty of the thirty of the thirty of the thirty of the thirty countryside came to david into the spelonk of adullam, while the lame of the philistins had leading him in the vall refaim.

II Samuel 23:14 david was then in the berce, and the plan of the philistins was then in bethlehem.

II Samuel 23:15 david became encouraged and said, " if anyone would give me water to drink from the cisterna of bethlehem, that is by the city ! "

II Samuel 23:16 then the three helden went off in the camp of the philistins and washed water from the cistery of bethlehem, that is by the city, and took it and brought to david. but david did not drink it, but washed it out for the lord

II Samuel 23:17 and said, " forgive me, lord, to do this ! is i drink the blood of the men who went away with their own life ? " so he did not drink it. these three helds did this.

II Samuel 23:18 abisai, the brother of joab, the son of zeruja, was the ruler of the three. he looked against three hundred who had killed, and he was a name among the three.

II Samuel 23:19 he was greater of those three, and he became their ruler, but he did not come to the three of the three.

II Samuel 23:20 benaja the son of joiada, a man who was great deeds from kabseel, who was great works. he struck the two disciples of ariel in moab. he went down and struck a lew in the middle on a sneag day.

II Samuel 23:21 he also struck a egyptian, a fear man. the egyptian had a spif in his hand. but he went down to him with a staff, scattered the speam from the hand of the egyptian and killed him with his spice.

II Samuel 23:22 these were the things that benaias, the son of joiada, and he was name among the three helden.

II Samuel 23:23 he was greater than the three, but did not come to the three men. david riched him over his officers.

II Samuel 23:24 asahel, the brother of joab, was among the thirty. elhanan, the son of dodo from bethlehem,

II Samuel 23:25 samma from harod ; elika from harod ;

II Samuel 23:26 heles the peletita ; ira, the son of ikkesh, the tekohitin ;

II Samuel 23:27 abiezer from anathoth ; mebunnai from husa ;

II Samuel 23:28 salmon the ahohita ; maharai from netofa ;

II Samuel 23:29 eleah, the son of baana the netophatita, ittai, the son of riba from gibeath, the benjaminians,

II Samuel 23:30 benaia the piratonites ; hiddai from nahale-gaim ;

II Samuel 23:31 abi-albon from araba ; azmaveth from barhum ;

II Samuel 23:32 elijahba the saalbon ; jonatan, the sons of jasan ;

II Samuel 23:33 shama the hararita ; ahiam, the son of sarar the arar ;

II Samuel 23:34 elifelet, the son of ahasbah, the maachatita, elib, the son of ahitofel the gilonita,

II Samuel 23:35 hezrai the carmeliet ; paarai from arb ;

II Samuel 23:36 jagal, the son of nathan from zoba, the gadites of gadi,

II Samuel 23:37 eliek the ammonita ; naharai the berothah, yoab, the son of zeruja,

II Samuel 23:38 ira the jethrites ; gareb the jathrites ;

II Samuel 23:39 urias the heth. all were thirty and seven.

II Samuel 24:1 but the spirit of the lord appeared back against israel again, and he incited david against them, saying, " go and nump israel and judah. "

II Samuel 24:2 then the king said to joab, the commanding officer, who was with him, " permit through all the tribes of israel, from dan to beer-sheba, and punish the people, so i will know the number of the people. "

II Samuel 24:3 joab said to the king, " may the lord your god give the people to hundred times than it is, and let the eyes of my lord the king see. but why does my lord the king want this ? "

II Samuel 24:4 but the message of the king was strengthened to joab and the officers of the power. so joab and the officers of the power went out of the king to punish the people of israel.

II Samuel 24:5 they went over the jordan river and lead on aroer, at the right hand of the city that is in the middle of gad and at eliezer.

II Samuel 24:6 then they came to gilead and to the land of tahtim-hodsi. then they came to dan-jaan and on the region of sidon.

II Samuel 24:7 they went to the beast of tyre and all the towns of the hiveans and the cananeans, and they went to the negev of judah to beerseba.

II Samuel 24:8 after they had passed through all the region, they came to jerusalem after nive months and twenty days.

II Samuel 24:9 so joab gave the number of the number of the people to the king. in israel were fifty thousand men who were belonging to the sword, and the people of judah were fifty hundred thousand.

II Samuel 24:10 when david had completed the people, the heart of david died him. then david said to the lord, " i have committed a great sinner against what i have done. now, lord, reject the transgression of your slave, for i have become foolish. "

II Samuel 24:11 when david got up at the morning, the word of the lord came to the prophet gad, the seer of david, saying,

II Samuel 24:12 " go and tell david, ' so says the lord : ' i put three things on you. think one of them, that i will do for you. ' "

II Samuel 24:13 then gad went to david and reported this to him and said, " may three years famine come to you in your land or to flee three months before your enemies, and they will persecute you ? or there will be pest in your country for three days ? consider now and see what i will say to the one who sent me. "

II Samuel 24:14 david said to gad, " i am great distressed ! let us fall down in the hand of the lord, for his mercy are great ; in human hands i will not fall down. "

II Samuel 24:15 then the lord gave pest in israel from the morning until the afterward time. then some of the people, from dan to beer-sheba, died thousand people died.

II Samuel 24:16 now when the angel extended his hand to jerusalem to destroy it, the lord was consoled of the evil one and said to the angel who destroyed the people, " most ! now let your hand away ! " the angel of the lord was standing at the dresser of arauna the jebusean.

II Samuel 24:17 when david saw the angel who had killed the people, david said to the lord, " look, i have transgressed, and i have done evil. but these sheep, what did they done ? may your hand go against me and against my father ' s house ! "

II Samuel 24:18 in that day gad came to david and said to him, " get up and make a altar to the lord in the tree of arauna the jebusean. "

II Samuel 24:19 so david went up according to the message of gad, as the lord had commanded him.

II Samuel 24:20 when arauna looked up and saw the king and his servants passing by him, he went out and worshiped the king with his face to the ground.

II Samuel 24:21 then arauna said, " why is my lord the king coming to his slave ? " david replied, " to creat the dresser from you, to build a altar to the lord, so that the plague will be separed from the people. "

II Samuel 24:22 arauna said to david, " may my lord the king take and offer what he play for good. look, there are the hors for the holocaust, and the cloaks and the bears of the horns will be for the tree.

II Samuel 24:23 arauna gave all these things to the king. " and arauna said to the king, " may the lord your god give you thanks. "

II Samuel 24:24 but the king replied to arauna, " no, but i will compare it for you with a food, and i will not offer the offering offering to the lord my god. " so david four for fifty silver coins and the oxes for fifty silver silver.

II Samuel 24:25 then david built a altar to the lord and offered brannounes and dants of peace. then the lord explained the earth, and the plague was revealed from israel.

I Kings 1:1 now when king david was old and year, they clothed him in clothing, but did not be hidden.

I Kings 1:2 his servants replied, " let they look for a young virgin to my lord the king and stand before the king and marry him. she must light with him, so that our lord the king will be healed. "

I Kings 1:3 then they asked a good young woman in all the regions of israel, and they found abisag the sunamita and brought her to the king.

I Kings 1:4 she was a greatly shön woman. she beared the king and served him, but the king did not know her.

I Kings 1:5 adonija, the son of haggith, asked him, " i will reign. " so he made for himself waves and heests and fifty man who were going before him.

I Kings 1:6 his father had never allowed him to say, " why are you doing ? " he was also very share, and she was fathered after absalom.

I Kings 1:7 he spoke with joab the son of zeruja and with abiathar the priest, and they followed adonia.

I Kings 1:8 but the priest zadok, benaia the son of joiada, nathan the prophet, shimei, rei, and the held of david did not follow adonia.

I Kings 1:9 adonija offered sheep and hors and kalls with the stone of zoheleth, that is near the fontein rogel. he called all his brothers, the sons of the king, and all the people of judah, the sons of the king.

I Kings 1:10 but he did not call nathan the prophet, the benaia, the held, and his brother salomo he did not call.

I Kings 1:11 then nathan said to batseba, mother of solomon, " have you not heard that adonia, the son of haggith, has reigned ? our lord david does not know this ?

I Kings 1:12 now come, i will give you a consice to save your life and your son solomon ' s life.

I Kings 1:13 go and go to the king david and tell him, ' my lord the king, did you not swear your slave, saying, ' your son solomon will reign after me and will sit on my throne ! why then has adonia become king ? '

I Kings 1:14 and look, while you are still speaking with the king, i will come back after you and will fulfilled your words. "

I Kings 1:15 so bath-sheba went to the king into the cammer. the king was already a old man, and abisag the sunamite was serving the king.

I Kings 1:16 bath-sheba stood up and worshiped the king. the king asked, " what do you ? "

I Kings 1:17 she replied, " my lord, you swear your slave slaves by the lord your god, saying, ' your son solomon will reign after me and will sit on my throne. '

I Kings 1:18 now now adonia is reigned, and you, my lord and king, do not know it.

I Kings 1:19 he has offered sheep, sheep, and sheep in abundance, and called all the sons of the king, abiathar the priest, and joab the commanding officer. but your servant solomon has he not called.

I Kings 1:20 and you, my lord and king, are the eyes of all israel to you to tell them who will sit on the throne of my lord the king after him.

I Kings 1:21 and if my lord the king has died to jamp with his ancestors, i and my son solomon will be sinners. "

I Kings 1:22 while she was still speaking with the king, nathan the prophet came.

I Kings 1:23 they told the king, " nathan is the prophet ! " so nathan entered the king and worshiped the king with his face to the ground.

I Kings 1:24 then nathan said, " my lord and king, have you said, ' adonija will reign after me and will sit on my throne ? '

I Kings 1:25 for he has come down today and sacrificed many bears, sheep, and sheep, and called all the sons of the king, the leaders of the power, and the priest abiathar, and look, they eat and drink before him and say, ' let the king adonia live ! '

I Kings 1:26 but i, your slave, the priest zadok, benaia the son of jehojada, and solomon your servant he has not called.

I Kings 1:27 is this happening by my lord the king ? and did you not reveal your slave who will sit on the throne of my lord the king after him ? "

I Kings 1:28 david replied, " call on her batseba. " when she entered the king, she stood before him.

I Kings 1:29 then the king swore and said, " so to the lord who has delivered my life from all affliction,

I Kings 1:30 just as i swear you by the lord god of israel, saying, ' your son solomon will reign after me and will sit on my throne in my place. "

I Kings 1:31 then bath-sheba fell with his face to the ground and worshiped the king and said, " let my lord the king david live forever ! "

I Kings 1:32 then the king david said, " call on me the priest zadok, the prophet nathan, and benaia, the son of joiada. " so they entered the king.

I Kings 1:33 then the king said to them, " take the slaves of your lord with you and put my son solomon on my muill, and bring him down to gihon.

I Kings 1:34 there then the priest zadok and the prophet nathan can anoine him to be king over israel. then shall the trumpet and say, ' let the king salomo live ! '

I Kings 1:35 then you must go and go down on my throne, and he will reign in my place. i have commanded him to be a ruler over israel and juda. "

I Kings 1:36 benaia, the son of joiada, answered the king, " amen ! so may the lord god of my lord the king believe.

I Kings 1:37 just as the lord was with my lord the king, so he will be with solomon and make his throne greater than the throne of my lord the king david ! "

I Kings 1:38 then the priest zadok, nathan the prophet, benaia the son of joiada, the cherethees, the peletites, went down and setting solomon on the musel of king david, and brought him to gihon.

I Kings 1:39 then the priest zadok took the corn of olive oil from the tent and anointed solomon. then they blow the trumpet, and all the people said, " let the king salomo live ! "

I Kings 1:40 then all the people went up after him, and they began to spire with tances and exult with great joy, so that the earth was destroyed by their voice.

I Kings 1:41 now adonijah and all his calling heard this when they had finished to eat. when joab heard the trumpet, he asked, " what is this for the voice from the city imprisoning ? "

I Kings 1:42 while he was still speaking, jonatan the son of the priest abiathar came. adonijah replied, " enter, you are a powerful man, and you are good good news ! "

I Kings 1:43 jonatan answered adonijah, " indeed, our lord the king david has made solomon king.

I Kings 1:44 and the king sent zadok the priest, nathan the prophet, benaia the son of jehojada, the cherethees, the pelethees, and they sat him on the king ' s musel.

I Kings 1:45 then the priest zadok and the prophet nathan anointed him as king in gihon. they went up from there with joy, and the city was torned. this is the voice you heard.

I Kings 1:46 so solomon sat on the throne of the kingdom.

I Kings 1:47 so the slaves of the king came to praise our lord the king david, saying, ' may your god make the name of solomon more greater than your name and make his throne greater than your throne. ' so the king worshiped on his bed.

I Kings 1:48 and the king said this : " blessed be the lord, the god of israel, who gave one of my descendants sitting on my throne, because my eyes have seen it ! "

I Kings 1:49 then all the calling of adonia were astonished and stood up, each one to his way.

I Kings 1:50 but adonia was afraid of solomon, and he stood up and greated the horns of the altar.

I Kings 1:51 now the man was referted to solomon : " look, adonijah has afraid of the king solomon, and he has hidden the horns of the altar, saying, ' may the king salomo swear me today that he will not put his slave to death. ' "

I Kings 1:52 solomon said, " if he become a powerful man, no hair of his hair will fall on the ground, but if he finds a evil person in him, he will be put to death. "

I Kings 1:53 so the king salomo sent and brought him from the altar. so he went in and worshiped the king salomo. then solomon said to him, " go home. "

I Kings 2:1 now when david was approaching to death, he commanded his son solomon, saying,

I Kings 2:2 " i am going on the way of all the earth. stand courage and be a man.

I Kings 2:3 hold the order of the lord your god, to follow in his wells, guarding his commandments, commandments, commandments, and commandments, just as it is written in the law of moses, so that you may understand what you are done in everything you are done,

I Kings 2:4 so that the lord may confirm his message that he spoke to me, saying, ' if your sons obey their way and follow me in truth with all their heart and with all their soul, no one will be divided for you on the throne of israel. '

I Kings 2:5 you also know what joab the son of zeruja has done for me, what he has done to the two rulers of the leaders of israel, to abner the son of ner, and amasa the son of jeter. he put the blood of battle in peace and put innocent blood on his belt that was on his lender and his sword that was on his feet.

I Kings 2:6 so do according to your wisdom, and do not put his harm down in peace to the hades.

I Kings 2:7 but you may show mercy to the sons of barzillai the galaadita, and they will be among those who eat on your table, because they approached me when i fured from your brother absalom.

I Kings 2:8 and look, there is with you simei the son of gera, the benjamini from bahurim. he prayed me with a great jeoend on the day i went to mahanaim. but he went down to meet me by the jordan river. but i swear to him by the lord, saying, ' i will not put you to death by the sword ! '

I Kings 2:9 but you must not repunish him innocent, because you are a wise man and know what you should do with him, so that you will put his harm down with blood to the hades. "

I Kings 2:10 so david died with his ancestors, and he was buried in the city of david.

I Kings 2:11 david reigned over israel for firty years : in hebron he reigned seven years, and in jerusalem he remained thirty and three years.

I Kings 2:12 so solomon sat on the throne of his father david, and his kingdom was revealed.

I Kings 2:13 now adonija, the son of haggith, came to bath-sheba the mother of solomon. she replied, " come you come with peace ? " he replied, " peace. "

I Kings 2:14 " i am saying this to you. " he replied, " speak. "

I Kings 2:15 he said, " you know that the kingdom was my, and the whole israel turned his face to me so that i could become king. but the kingdom has returned and became to my brother, because from the lord was this to him.

I Kings 2:16 now i ask you one ask, do not reject your face. " she replied, " speak. "

I Kings 2:17 he said, " tell the king solomon, for he will not leave you to give me abisag the sunamita to a wife. "

I Kings 2:18 bath-sheba replied, " right, i will speak to the king about you. "

I Kings 2:19 so bath-sheba went to the king solomon to speak to him about adonijah. the king stood up to help her, kissed him and sat down on his throne. then he placed a throne for the mother of the king, and she sat down at his right hand.

I Kings 2:20 she said, " i ask you one little ask, do not destroy your face. " the king replied, " ask, my mother, i will not reject you. "

I Kings 2:21 she said, " let abisag the sunemita give to your brother adonijah to a wife. "

I Kings 2:22 but the king salomo answered his mother, " why do you ask the adonija abisag to adonija ? ask the kingdom to him, because he is my great brother than me, for for him and for the priest abiathar and for joab the son of zeruja ! "

I Kings 2:23 then the king salomo swore to the lord, saying, " may god give me both and now, if not adonijah has said this against his life.

I Kings 2:24 and now, so to the lord who has prepared me and put me on my father david ' s throne, and who has made a house to me just as he promised, adonija will be put to death today. "

I Kings 2:25 so the king salomo sent benaias, the son of joiada, who killed him, so that he died.

I Kings 2:26 to the priest abiathar the king said, " go to your country to anathoth, because you are going to death. but i will not put you to death, because you have carried the ark of the lord the lord before my father david and because you were afflicted in all the things my father has suffered. "

I Kings 2:27 so solomon divided abiathar from the lord ' s priest, so that the word of the lord was fulfilled that he had spoken about the house of eli in silo.

I Kings 2:28 when the message came to joab, he refured the horns of the altar, because joab had followed adonia, but he did not follow solomon. then joab flowed into the tent of the lord and greated the horns of the altar.

I Kings 2:29 when the man was revealed to solomon that joab was flow into the tent of the lord, he looked off the horns of the altar. " then solomon sent benaia the son of joiada and told him, " go and burial him ! "

I Kings 2:30 benaia came to the tent of the lord and said to him, " the king says this : ' come out ! ' but he replied, " i will not go here, but here i will be dead here. " benaia returned and said to the king : " so joab said, and so he answered me. "

I Kings 2:31 the king said to him, " do what he has said, threw him up and burial him, so that you may quitt the blood that joab has poured out from me and from my father ' s house.

I Kings 2:32 so the lord will put his blood on his own blood, because he seized the two men more righteous and more than he, and killed them by the sword, because my father david did not know about their blood, abner the son of ner, the commanding oştier of israel, and amasa the son of jeter, lead of the lame of judah.

I Kings 2:33 their blood will return on the head of joab and on the head of his descendants for ever. but for david and his descendants, his home, and his throne may have peace from the lord to ever. "

I Kings 2:34 so benaia, the son of joiada, went up to joab and killed him and buried him in his own home in the wilderness.

I Kings 2:35 then the king gave benaia, the son of jehojada, on his place over the exerction, and the priest zadok the king gave on the place of abiathar.

I Kings 2:36 then the king called simei and said to him, " build a house in jerusalem and stay there, and do not go out from there.

I Kings 2:37 for on the day you go out and pass through the torrent kedron, you will be put to death. your blood will be on your head. "

I Kings 2:38 shimei replied to the king, " what my lord the king has spoken will your slave do. " so simei remained in jerusalem for three years.

I Kings 2:39 but after three years two servants of simei left to achis, son of maacha, king of gath. they told simei, saying, " look, your slaves are in gath. "

I Kings 2:40 so shimei stood up and gathered his eselin and went to gath to achis to look for his slaves. so simei went and brought his slaves from gath.

I Kings 2:41 when the man heard to solomon that shimei had gone out of jerusalem to gath and returned.

I Kings 2:42 then the king sent out shimei and said to him, " did i not swear you by the lord and testified to you, ' on the day you go out of jerusalem and go on the right or on the left, you will be dead ! '

I Kings 2:43 why then did you not obey the swear of the lord and the commandment i commanded against you ? "

I Kings 2:44 then the king said to shimei, " you know what your heart knows that you have done to my father david. so the lord will repay your evil deeds on your head.

I Kings 2:45 but the king solomon will be blessed, and the throne of david will be ready before the lord for ever. "

I Kings 2:46 then the king ordered benaia, the son of joiada, and he went out and killed him, so that he died.

I Kings 3:1 then the king ordered benaia, the son of joiada, and he went out and killed him, so that he died.

I Kings 3:2 now the people were sacrificing on the high ground because no house was built for the name of the lord until now.

I Kings 3:3 so solomon loved the lord and wanted according to the commandments of his father david, but he offered and offered incense on the high places.

I Kings 3:4 so the man went to gibeon to sacrifice there, for there was the great high offering. solomon offered a thousand holocausts on the altar.

I Kings 3:5 at the night the lord appeared to solomon in a drom at the night, and god said, " ask what i will give for you. "

I Kings 3:6 solomon replied, " you have done great mercy to your servant david my father, since he went before you in truth, righteousness, and freedom of heart with you. you have obeyed him this great mercy and gave him a son seated on his throne, just as it is now.

I Kings 3:7 now now, lord my god, you have put your slave to place in the place of my father david. but i am a little child, i don ' t know my gone or enter.

I Kings 3:8 but your servant is in the middle of your people that you have chosen, a large people that will not be conteled. "

I Kings 3:9 then give your slave a experience heart to judge your people and to understand what is good and evil. for who can make this great people to judge this great people ? "

I Kings 3:10 it happened to the lord that solomon asked this.

I Kings 3:11 and said to him, " because you asked for this, and did not ask for yourself many days or praying wealth or asked your enemies ' s life but asked for you knowledge to hear the judgment,

I Kings 3:12 look, i have done what you said. i have given you wise and wise heart, so that like you did not have been like you and not will stand after you.

I Kings 3:13 and i have given you what you did, and wealth and glory, so that no one has been like you among the rulers.

I Kings 3:14 and if you follow my way, guarding my commandments and commandments like your father david, i will increase your days. "

I Kings 3:15 when solomon refuked, he saw a droom. then he came to jerusalem, stood before the ark of the covenant of the lord, offered brannouns and offered peace, and made a food for all his servants.

I Kings 3:16 then two prostituters came to the king and stood before him.

I Kings 3:17 the one woman said, " my lord, i and this woman live in one house. i became child in the house.

I Kings 3:18 the third day after i became birth, this woman gave the child. we were together, and there was no one with us in the house, except we two.

I Kings 3:19 now the son of this woman died in the night because she had fallen on him.

I Kings 3:20 then she got up in the middle of the night and took my son from my friends. she put him at her side, but her dead son she put in my side.

I Kings 3:21 when i got up the morning to suffer my son, look, he was dead. but when i saw him early in the morning, that my son was not my son whom i had born. "

I Kings 3:22 but the other woman said, " not, but my one who is alive is my son. " so they spoke to the king.

I Kings 3:23 then the king replied, " the one says, ' the one who lives is my son, and the one who is dead is your son. ' but the one says, ' no, the one who lives is my son, and the one who lives is my son. ' "

I Kings 3:24 then the king said, " take me a sword ! " so they brought the sword before the king.

I Kings 3:25 then the king said, " throw the living child into two, and give the half of the one and the half of the other. "

I Kings 3:26 but the woman whose son was the living son said to the king, " because her mouth was distressed because of her son, she said, " my lord, give her the child, but do not have him killed ! " but the other said, " it must not be anything to me or you, reject it ! "

I Kings 3:27 then the king said, " give her the living child, but do not kill it. she is his mother. "

I Kings 3:28 when the whole israel heard the judgment that the king had judged, they were afraid of the king, because they saw that god ' s mind was in him to execute justice.

I Kings 4:1 so king salomo was king over all israel.

I Kings 4:2 now these were his rulers : azarja, the son of zadok, was the prince.

I Kings 4:3 elichoref and ahia, the sons of sheba, were experts in the law. josafat, ahilud son, was kanciller ;

I Kings 4:4 sedah and abiathar were priests.

I Kings 4:5 asarja, the son of nathan, was over the officiers, zabud, the son of nathan, was the friend of the king.

I Kings 4:6 ahisar was governor of the palace, and adoniram, abda ' a son, was over the opportunity.

I Kings 4:7 now solomon had twelve officions over all the people of israel to help the king and his household. each one was revealed for each month year in the year.

I Kings 4:8 these are their names : ben-hur in the mountain of ephraim,

I Kings 4:9 ben-deker, in makamas, saalbim, bethsemes, elon and beth-hanan ;

I Kings 4:10 the son of hesath was berepbot, suffering and hesarah.

I Kings 4:11 ben-abinadab in the region of dor. tafat, the daughter of solomon, was his wife.

I Kings 4:12 baana, the son of ahilud, was to taanach, megiddo, and the whole beth-sean, that is by sartan along of jizreel, from bet-sean until abel-mehola until jokmeam of jocam.

I Kings 4:13 the sons of geber in ramot in gilead there was a region of argob in basan, sexty large city, mugges with murs and baskets of bronze.

I Kings 4:14 ahinadab, the son of iddo, in mahanaim ;

I Kings 4:15 ahimaas in nafthali. he also had maremath, daughter of solomon, as a wife.

I Kings 4:16 baana, the son of husai, in mahloth and in aloth.

I Kings 4:17 in issachar, josafat, the son of paruah, in issachar,

I Kings 4:18 simeon, the son of ela, in benjamin.

I Kings 4:19 geber, the son of uri, in the land of gad, in the land of sihon, king of the amoritans, and og the king of basan. there was a governor in the region of judah.

I Kings 4:22 in one day there was the banquet of solomon : thirty silver coins of fish of fish and sexty cors fish of fish,

I Kings 4:23 seventy bears of bear, twenty bears of bear and hundred sheep, except backs, gaves, wild, and various birds.

I Kings 4:24 you think that the regions of the other region of the other side of the river, and he had peace from all the regions around him.

I Kings 4:27 the officers of the province of the king solomon and all his divisions to the table of the king, in each month of his money. they did not experience the message or the hail for the horses and the waves, to the place where the king would be, each one according to his order.

I Kings 4:29 god gave him instruction, and god gave him knowledge with great wisdom and sure of heart like the sand that is on the bread of the sea.

I Kings 4:30 the wisdom of solomon was greater than the wisdom of all the rulers and the mind of all the wisdom of egypt.

I Kings 4:31 he was greater than all people, than ethan the ezrahita, heman, kalkol, and darda, mahol sons of maol.

I Kings 4:32 however, he spoke three thousand parables, and the gifts of him were five thousand.

I Kings 4:33 in the order he spoke about the trees, from the cedron in the libano and to the hysop that comes through the wall. he spoke about the birds, the birds, the reptiles, and the fish.

I Kings 4:34 now when all the peoples came to hear the wisdom of solomon, he took some offering from all the kings of the earth. he heard his wisdom as a wife.

I Kings 5:1 after this, hiram, the king of tyre, sent his servants to solomon in the place of his father, for hiram had loved david always.

I Kings 5:2 after this, salomo sent to hiram saying :

I Kings 5:3 just as you know that my father david could not bow a house to the name of the lord his god because of the stricts that assembled him, until the lord put them under his feet.

I Kings 5:4 now in the same way, the lord my god has given me rest alone. there is no one who help, and there is no evil encourage.

I Kings 5:5 i intend to build a house for the name of the lord my god, just as the lord spoke to my father david, saying, ' your son whom i will put on your throne for your place will rebuild a house for my name. '

I Kings 5:6 however, give the order that they will bear mihi from the libano. my servants will be with your servants, and i will give you the reward of your slaves, just as you say. for you know there there no one of us who knows to cut trees like the sidonians. '

I Kings 5:7 when hiram heard the words of solomon, he was very glad and said, " blessed is today the lord who gave him a wise son over this great people ! "

I Kings 5:8 in order, he sent a message to solomon, saying, " i have heard about everything you sent to me. i will make all your will for cedrs and cypress.

I Kings 5:9 " my slaves will bring them down from the libano to the sea, but i will put them to pieces to the place you will send me to the place you will send me, and there i will destroy them. then you will take what i will, to give bread to my house. "

I Kings 5:10 now hiram, which he wanted, gave him to solomon cedrs and cedrs with all his will.

I Kings 5:11 it was different, but solomon gave to hiram twenty thousand of wear for his family and twenty thousand of daring olive mount. so salomo gave him to hiram each year.

I Kings 5:12 since the lord gave the wisdom to solomon, just as he had promised to him. and there was peace among hiram and solomon, and they made a covenant among themselves.

I Kings 5:13 in the district of the region, the king brought a carge from all the people of israel, and the officers were thirty thousand.

I Kings 5:14 there was difficulty of them, and he sent them into the liban. they were a month on the libano and two months in their homes. adoniram was over the officers.

I Kings 5:15 in the region of salomon there was seventy-two thousand to carry on the mountain and taventy-thousand on the mountain in the mountain.

I Kings 5:16 there is about three thousand, except the rulers over the ministry of solomon, three thousand and two hundred officiaries of the works of the work.

I Kings 5:18 so when they were divided, they prepared the stones and the stones for three years.

I Kings 6:1 at the fourth and firth years when the izraelidoj were gone from egypt, in the fourth year of the second month of king solomon over israel.

I Kings 6:2 the house that king salomo built to the lord was a length of thirty whations, a breedth of thirty, and his high high was two and forty.

I Kings 6:3 the portice, which was in front of the temple, was a length of twenty whothing, to the bread of the house, and a large side of the temple was ten.

I Kings 6:4 he made the temple fenes clothed in the temple courts.

I Kings 6:5 in the wall of the temple, the temple and the departy, placed on the wall of the temple, around the temple, and the departy.

I Kings 6:6 the above side had a breedth of five covados ' s breadth, the next, seven whether and the third, seven whether. for he had made a distinction around the house from outside of the house, so that they would not accept the wall of the house.

I Kings 6:7 now when the house was built up, it was built with large stones. then there was no hammer or pail or anything of iron instrument in the house when it was built.

I Kings 6:8 the pour of the inside side was on the right side of the temple, and the other side went up in the middle and from the middle to the third.

I Kings 6:9 so he rebuked the house, and when it had finished it, he grafted the house with cedrs and cypress.

I Kings 6:10 he rebuilted the banquets on the whole house, fighty of five years already, and revealed the banquets with ceders.

I Kings 6:15 he built the wells of the temple outside of cepress, from the wall from the temple to the wall and to the wall he had gathered with hout inside. so he stapped the wall of the temple with cypress.

I Kings 6:16 then he rebuilted twenty whations from the four side of the temple, from the food to the women, and made it from the sanctuary, to the holy place.

I Kings 6:17 the temple inside of the temple was about firty years.

I Kings 6:19 he was in the inside of the temple to put the ark of the covenant of the temple of the lord.

I Kings 6:20 his longitity was two whative, a breading a large side and two whatices from high. he overcoved it with pure gold, and made a altar.

I Kings 6:21 on the presence of the temple courts he overloved it with gold.

I Kings 6:22 and he overloved the whole house with gold until all the temple were finished.

I Kings 6:23 then he made two cherubins in the debirty of the sanctuary, a large group of ten whether.

I Kings 6:24 the wall of the cherub ' s wall was five years and the second vinger of the cherub was five years.

I Kings 6:25 the second cherub was also the second cherub with one message.

I Kings 6:26 the high cherub ' s high high wall was ten whether and like the second cherub.

I Kings 6:27 he put the cherubs in the middle of the inneside house, and the wilip of the cherubs extended the wall of the wall, and the vinger of the other cherubs looked at the other wall.

I Kings 6:28 then he overcoed the cherubs with gold.

I Kings 6:29 and all the wells around the temple around around around around the temple, he scrolled the scroll of cherubs, palms, and outside.

I Kings 6:30 and the four of the house he overtrad with gold in the inside and the outside.

I Kings 6:31 he made the deure of the debirty of the debirtion of the debir of the sanctuary, five times.

I Kings 6:32 the two gates were from oliv tree and placed them with cherubs, palms, and scrolles, and overloved them with gold. he objected the gold over the cherubs and the palm.

I Kings 6:33 so he made on the door of the temple courts : four plagues were from olivenhout.

I Kings 6:34 the two women were from cypressling. the two wovs of the other door were struck, and the two winds of the other door were torned.

I Kings 6:35 he was clothed with cherubs, palms, and sculpped rocks and overcoved them with gold.

I Kings 6:36 he built the inner courtyard with three places of pieced roads and a plad of separed roden of cedru in every side.

I Kings 7:1 in the journey of the region, solomon rebuked three years for his house.

I Kings 7:2 he was in high order, and he built the house of the walk of the libano. it was a longitate of hundred whations, a bread of thirty cubits, and in three roads of cedrishes of ceders, with cedrishes on the colonne.

I Kings 7:3 it was in the number of the capitels from outside, on the places of the coliges. the number of the coliers were a number of fifty and five.

I Kings 7:4 there is there three places and three gates, and there is a region against each other.

I Kings 7:5 in the courts of the clothing, all the door and the towns were four clothes. in fact, the door was to three parts.

I Kings 7:6 the portice of the colonne and the portice of the colonne was about fifty whatice and a bread of thirty cubits. on the face of them was a portice, with pillers and strumbs to the portice.

I Kings 7:7 the portice of the throne and the portice of the throne where he judged, a portice of shaw.

I Kings 7:8 in the district of the temple of his household, in which he reside, there is a second courts. he made a house like this portic for the daughter of pharaoh, that she had married.

I Kings 7:9 these things will be experienced with precious stones, separed by divisions, inside, from the foundation to the pill and on the outside, to the great courtyard.

I Kings 7:10 the fundament of themselves were themselves that were fonded with precious stones, great stones, a stone of tighty, and of five thousand.

I Kings 7:11 from buite and outside there are precious crowns, gathered according to the measure, and cedrs.

I Kings 7:12 in the district of the great courtyard around the great courtyard, there are three orders of crossed, a ross of cedris-cedrishes. so salomon and his entire household had completed.

I Kings 7:13 in order of this, king solomon sent a message to hiram from tyre.

I Kings 7:14 he is just as the son of a widow of the tribe of the neftali ' s tribe, but his father was a man of tyr, a call of bronze. he was full of knowledge, knowledge, and knowledge, to make every work of bronze. he came to the king solomon and made all his works.

I Kings 7:15 he made the two pillers to the portice of the temple. the extrem of the temple ' s portice was fourteen whatice, and a rup of four and four cubits objected around it.

I Kings 7:16 he made two capitels and two kapitels to make on the capitels of the colonne. each one kapitel was about five whatice and the high kapitel was five whatice.

I Kings 7:17 i made two nets for the capitels of the kapitel, seven on the one kapitel and seven on the other kapitel.

I Kings 7:18 however, he made two granathes of granathe-granathes wrapped on the kapitel on the side of the capitels. so he did with the second kapitel.

I Kings 7:19 in the measure of the colonne, on the head of the colonne, were like a gathering, four years.

I Kings 7:20 on the two places of the capitels and on the outside of the capitels and on the outside of the capitels.

I Kings 7:21 in the journey, he pystyted the pillers on the portice of the temple courts. he raised the left of the right side and called jachin, and the left of the right side he called boaz.

I Kings 7:23 it was difficult and made the sea. there was about ten whatices from the bread to the other. it was about five covados of high, and a number of thirty whatices was around her around her around.

I Kings 7:24 on each side of her ross, around her ross, were clothes around it, about ten codos from all side, and they bread the sea.

I Kings 7:25 there was about twelve oxes of hors under the sea. three looked to the nord, three on the west, three on the west, three on the west, three on the east and three on the east. the sea was on them from above.

I Kings 7:26 its bread were like the break of the cup of a cup, a flock of a flow, and its bread was old.

I Kings 7:27 he made other baskets of bronze. each one stelly was four cubits, a breadth of four cubits, a bread of four cubits and a high extrem of high.

I Kings 7:28 however, this is the work of the stelles : they were districted, and they were clothes among the pains.

I Kings 7:29 on the women and on their tackles, which were among the comen, were leons, bees, and cherubs, and on the gathers, both on the outside and under the leeues and oxes.

I Kings 7:30 in every bask there were four and four bronce women and koper of bronze, and the four parts of them were backs under the backel.

I Kings 7:32 in the affection of the wall were two roes in the stelles, and each of the wiele was about a half and half.

I Kings 7:33 the work of the roes was like the work of the wags of the wags, their hands, slander, women, and food, all were made of clothing.

I Kings 7:34 on the four hörners of one bask are in the four hörners of every bask.

I Kings 7:35 on the head of the stelly, on the head of the stelling basure, was a hall of a half women. on the head of the stelling behind the pastal of the bask.

I Kings 7:36 in the districts of the women and its bellades were cherubs, leons, palmas, at each side, by each side, and on all around him.

I Kings 7:37 for this way he made the other bases : all of them were a measure, one measure and one measure.

I Kings 7:38 among each of the ten baskets made ten kopers of bronze. each on the ten baskets was about firty coins. each of the ten baskets was on each of the ten baskets.

I Kings 7:39 he put the baskets and put the five stelles at the right side of the temple, and five on the left of the temple at the left, and the sea stayed on the right side of the house from the right side of the west.

I Kings 7:40 hiram made the pains, the bafts, and the schalen. so hiram finished the work he had done for the king solomon for the temple of the lord :

I Kings 7:41 the two colonne and the two capitels on the head of the two coliers and the two nets to bear the two kapitel of the capitels on the side of the colonne,

I Kings 7:42 the two hundred graneans on two hundred granets for the two grothes, two rigs of granathew for each red to veir the two kapitells on the capitels.

I Kings 7:43 on the other courts, the ten baskets, and the ten wasen on the bases,

I Kings 7:44 one sure, one sea, and twelve bees under the sea.

I Kings 7:45 all the powers that hiram had performed for king solomon for the temple of the lord, were with pure bronze.

I Kings 7:46 in the region of the jordan river, the king handered them in a ground of the earth, among succoth and zarthan.

I Kings 7:47 in regard of the great multitude, the weak of the bronze he made because of great number, the gewictice of the bronce was not revealed.

I Kings 7:48 in this order, solomon gave all the gifts that were on the temple of the lord : the golden altar, the table on which the fooding bread was,

I Kings 7:49 the lampstands and the lampstands, five on the right hand and five at left before the sanctuary, with pure lampstands, the lampstands, the lampstands, and the lampstands of gold.

I Kings 7:50 in the divisions of the bears of the temple courts from the höast-holy place and for the ports of the temple of the temple courts, the höast-holy, and for the ports of the temple of the temple courts were from gold.

I Kings 7:51 when the whole work that solomon teeted for the temple of the lord was fulfilled, solomon brought in the treasures of the temple of the lord. he brought the things that his father david had holy. the silver and gold and all the miwers he gave in the treasures of the temple of the lord.

I Kings 8:1 then solomon convocted the elders of israel, the families of the families of israel, together in jerusalem to bring the ark of the covenant of the lord from the city of david ( that is zion ).

I Kings 8:2 in the mont athanin,

I Kings 8:3 then the priests took the ark.

I Kings 8:4 so they took the tabernacle of the testimony, the tabernacle of the testimony, and all the sanctuary that were in the tent of the law.

I Kings 8:5 then the king and the whole israel stood before the ark sacrifiing sheep and backs without number.

I Kings 8:6 so the priests brought the ark of the ark of the ark of the lord of the lord into its place, in the deasupra of the temple, in the högh-holy place, under the wings of the cherubs.

I Kings 8:7 for the cherubs extended their vinger over the place of the ark, and the cherubs opened the ark and its laves from above.

I Kings 8:8 the sanctuary were greatly greatly, so that the household of the saints were seen from the sanctuary before the devotion, but they were not able to see.

I Kings 8:9 there was nothing in the ark, except the two stone of stone that moses had placed there at horeb while the lord made a covenant with the israelites when they went out of egypt.

I Kings 8:10 when the priests came out of the sanctuary, the cloud filled the temple of the lord.

I Kings 8:11 so the priests were not able to stand and serve because of the cloud, because the glory of the lord filled the house of the lord.

I Kings 8:14 then the king turned his face and blessed all the people of israel, and the whole israel of israel stood there.

I Kings 8:15 he said, " blessed be the lord, god of israel, who spoke with his hand to david my father and fulfilled in his hand, saying,

I Kings 8:16 from the day i lead my people israel out of egypt i have not chosen a city among all the tribes of israel to bow a house where my name would be there. but i chose david to be over my people israel. '

I Kings 8:17 now david my father had in the heart to build a house to the name of the lord, god of israel.

I Kings 8:18 but the lord said to my father david, ' since it was in your heart to build a house to my name, you have done well that it has been in your heart.

I Kings 8:19 nevertheless, you will not build the house, but your son who will come from your women will build the house to my name. '

I Kings 8:20 so the lord has confirmed his message that he promised. i stood in the place of my father david and sat down on the throne of israel, as the lord promised, and i have rebuilted a house to the name of the lord god of israel.

I Kings 8:21 and i have placed a place for the ark in which is the covenant of the lord that he made with our ancestors when he led them out of egypt. "

I Kings 8:22 then solomon stood before the altar of the lord before the whole israel of israel, extended his hands to heaven

I Kings 8:23 and said, " lord, god of israel ! there is no god like you in heaven alone or on earth alone. you are guarding the covenant and mercy to your servants who live before you with all his heart.

I Kings 8:24 you have obeyed your servant david my father. what you spoke with your mouth, you fulfilled with your hand, as it is now.

I Kings 8:25 now now, lord, god of israel, hold the promise you promised to your father david my father, saying, ' no one will find away from you on my presence, seated on the throne of israel, if your children obey their way and live before me just as you have followed me. '

I Kings 8:26 now now, lord, god of israel, let the procès that you have given to your father david my father !

I Kings 8:27 but will god in fact live on earth ? look ! the heavens and the heavens of heaven are not complete to you, so that this house i have built !

I Kings 8:28 but listen to your servant and praise, lord my god, to listen to the supplice and supplice that your slave is praying before you today.

I Kings 8:29 let your eyes be opened against this house day and night, to the place about which you said, ' my name will be there, ' so to hear the prayer your slave will pray to this place day and night.

I Kings 8:30 listen to the prayer of your servant and of your people israel, when they pray in this place. listen to the place where you live in heaven, and listen and forgive !

I Kings 8:31 if anyone sins against his neighbor and he is given an oath to proclaim him, and if he comes and proclaim before your altar in this house,

I Kings 8:32 then listen you in heaven and do it, and judge your servants. condemn the ungodly, to put his way on his head, and justify the righteous and give him according to his righteousness.

I Kings 8:33 if your people israel will be struck before a enemie because they have sinned against you, but they turns back to you and confess your name and pray and pray in this house,

I Kings 8:34 then listen you in heaven and forgive your people israel the sins and bring them back into the land you gave to their ancestors.

I Kings 8:35 if heaven is certained and there is no rain because they have sinned against you, and they pray in this place and confess your name and return from their sins because you have afflicted them,

I Kings 8:36 then listen it in heaven and forgive the sins of your servants and your people israel, proclaim them the good way they will go, and give rain on your land that you gave it to your people as a ervant.

I Kings 8:37 if there is a famine, if there is death, if there comes a ruining, a spiting, a spiting, a fever, or if his enemies tries them in one of his towns, any devotion or harm,

I Kings 8:38 if anyone finds every prayer, every prayer if each person knows the plage of his heart and extendes his hands on this house,

I Kings 8:39 then listen tu in heaven, from the place where you live, and forgive, and do, and give each one according to all his deeds, as you know his heart ( for you alone know the heart of all the men ),

I Kings 8:40 so they will fear you all the time they live in the land you gave to our ancestors.

I Kings 8:41 and to the foreign people who are not from your people,

I Kings 8:42 when they come and pray to this place,

I Kings 8:43 then listen you in heaven, from the place where you live, and do everything he calls to you, so that all the peoples of the earth know your name and fear you, as your people israel. and they will know that your name is called over this temple i have built.

I Kings 8:44 if your people will go out to combation against his enemies on the way you will bring them, and pray to the lord to the way of the city you have chosen, and to the house i have built for your name,

I Kings 8:45 then listen in heaven their prayer and prayer and make their right for them.

I Kings 8:46 " if they sins against you - because there is no one who does not sin ), and you suffers against them and give them in the fiends who causes them captive to a land, far or near,

I Kings 8:47 and if they turn their hearts in the land where they were captives, and turn back and pray for you in their own country, saying, ' we have sinned, we have committed evil, "

I Kings 8:48 if they turns to you with all their heart and with all their soul in the land of their enemies that have brought them captive, and pray to you, turning to their land that you gave to their ancestors, to the city you have chosen, and to the house i have built for your name,

I Kings 8:49 then listen out in heaven, from the place where you live.

I Kings 8:50 and forgive their evil deeds that they have committed against you, and all their transgressions that they have committed against you, and make them mercy before those who caused them captive, so that they may mercy them.

I Kings 8:51 for they are your people and your possessions that you have brought out of egypt, from the shepherd of iron.

I Kings 8:52 let your eyes be open for the prayer of your slave and to the prayer of your people israel, so that you may listen to them in everything they call on you.

I Kings 8:53 because you have put them as a erose for yourself from all the nations of the earth, as you spoke through your servants moses, when you led our ancestors out of the land of egypt, lord, lord. "

I Kings 8:54 when salomo had finished prayer to the lord all this prayer and prayer, he stood up from the altar of the lord with his hands extended to heaven.

I Kings 8:55 he stood up and blessed the whole israel of israel with a loud voice, saying :

I Kings 8:56 " blessed be the lord who gave rest to his people israel, just as he promised. no one has left from all his good words that he spoke through his servant moses.

I Kings 8:57 may the lord our god be with us just as he was with our ancestors. let he not forgive us or reject us,

I Kings 8:58 he must lead our hearts to him, to follow in all his ways, to obey his commandments, commandments, and commandments that he commanded our ancestors.

I Kings 8:59 these words that i have present for the presence of the lord, be near the lord our god day and night, to make his servant and his people israel practice for each day,

I Kings 8:60 so that all the peoples of the earth will know that the lord is god and there is no other.

I Kings 8:61 let your heart be perfect to the lord our god, to follow his commandments and obey his commandments as it is now. "

I Kings 8:62 then the king and all israel with him offered sacrifices before the lord.

I Kings 8:63 then solomon offered the sacrifice that he offered to the lord, two and two thousand hors and one hundred and twenty-thousand sheep. so the king and all the israelites dedied the temple of the lord.

I Kings 8:64 on that day the king sanctified the middle of the courtyard before the temple of the lord, because he had offered there the holocauunt, the sacrifice of sacrifice, and the flesh of frees of peace, because the bronce altar that was before the lord was a little for to take up the holocauw, the sacrifice of sacrifice, and the flesh of frees.

I Kings 8:65 so in that day solomon and all the israelites with him, a great church from the coming of hamath to the river of egypt, in the presence of the lord our god, for seven days and there were seven days.

I Kings 8:66 on the eighth day he sent the people, and they blessed the lord and went to his tents, rejoicing and rejoicing for all the good things the lord had done to his servant david and to his people israel.

I Kings 9:1 now when salomo had finished the temple of the lord and the palace of the king, and all the things he had desired to do,

I Kings 9:2 then the lord appeared to solomon second time just as he appeared to gibeon.

I Kings 9:3 and the lord said to him, " i have heard your prayer and your prayer that you prayed for me. i have made this temple that you have built to make my name there for ever, and my eyes and my heart will be there always.

I Kings 9:4 and if you follow me just as your father david went, in pure heart and purity, to do everything i have commanded you, and obey my commandments and commandments,

I Kings 9:5 so i will confirme the throne of your kingdom over israel forever, just as i spoke to your father david, saying, ' you will not take away a man over israel. '

I Kings 9:6 but if you and your children turn away from me and do not obey my commandments and my commandments that i have put before you, but go and serve others and worship them,

I Kings 9:7 then i will remove israel from the land i have given to them, and i will throw out from my presence this temple i have sanctified for my name, and israel will become a distinction and a spoke among all the peoples.

I Kings 9:8 and if this house is high, everyone who passes through it will be afraid and sure, and they will say, ' why did the lord so done to this land and to this house ? '

I Kings 9:9 then they will report, ' because they have forgiven the lord their god who had brought their ancestors out of the land of egypt, and addressed others god and worshiped them and served them, therefore the lord has brought over them all this evil. ' "

I Kings 9:10 for a long years when solomon aedificted the two house, the temple of the lord and the palads of the king,

I Kings 9:11 now hiram the king of tyre gave salomo cedrs, cypressons, and gold in all his desire ). then the king hiram gave hiram twenty cites in the land of galilee.

I Kings 9:12 now when hiram had gone out of tyre to see the towns solomon had given him, but they were not pleasing to him.

I Kings 9:13 then she said, " what are these towns you gave me, brother ? " and he called them the city until this day.

I Kings 9:14 hiram brought to the king a hundred and twenty talents gold.

I Kings 9:15 ( this is the guard of the practice that king solomon took up to buke the temple, the palast of the king, the wur of jerusalem, and the mur of jerusalem, so that the murquet of the city of david, assur, migdan, gezer, and bet-horon.

I Kings 9:20 the people left from the hetites, the amoreans, the perizzians, the cananeans, the girgasei, the girgasei, the cananeo, the girgasei, the hevies, and the girgasei, who did not come from the sons of israel, which the people of israel did not destroy them. )

I Kings 9:22 but solomon did not serve some of the people of israel, because they were solders, his servants, his officiers, the rulers of his ways, and his ruiters.

I Kings 9:24 when the daughter of pharaoh went up from the city of david to his house that solomon had bought for her.

I Kings 9:26 now king solomon bowed a ship in esjon-geber, that is by elath, on the bread of the red sea in edom land.

I Kings 9:27 hiram sent his servants, believers who knew the sea, with the servants of solomon.

I Kings 9:28 they went to ofir and took there gold, hundred and twenty talents, and brought it to the king salomo.

I Kings 10:1 when the koningin of saba heard the name of solomon and the name of the lord, she came to test him with examplations.

I Kings 10:2 she came to jerusalem with a great power, with kamels carriing incenses, great gold, and precious stones. when she came to solomon, she spoke with him everything she had in her heart.

I Kings 10:3 solomon reported her all her words. nothing was revealed to the king that she would not report him.

I Kings 10:4 when the koningin of saba saw the whole wisdom of solomon and the house he had built,

I Kings 10:5 the food of his food, the sittation of his servants, the stal of his servants, his clothing, his munners, and his sacrifice that he offered in the temple of the lord, she was in anger.

I Kings 10:6 she said to the king, " what i heard in my land about your words and your wisdom is true.

I Kings 10:7 but i did not believe what they say until i came and saw with my eyes. and look, there is no held that they told me. your more, your good and your good reason have completed what i have heard.

I Kings 10:8 blessed are your women, blessed are these servants who continue before you and hear your wisdom !

I Kings 10:9 blessed will be the lord your god who wanted to put you on the throne of israel ! because the lord loves israel forever, he has made you king, to do justice and righteousness. "

I Kings 10:10 she gave the king centy and twenty-talents of gold, greatful aromatic crowns, and precious stones. like these aromatic things the koningin of saba gave to king solomon.

I Kings 10:11 and the shepen of hiram who brought gold from ofir brought many almuggiment tree and precious stones.

I Kings 10:12 and the king made from almuggiment stones for the temple of the lord and the palace of the king, and harpas and harpas for the citers. such a almuggiment tree has not come, nor appeared to this day.

I Kings 10:13 now king solomon gave the koningin of saba everything she asked for, except the things she had given for her by the king solomon. then she returned and went to her land, she and her servants.

I Kings 10:14 the pesse of the gold that came to solomon in one year was 666 talenta gold,

I Kings 10:15 without the opportunity of the callers, the sexually immorality, and from all the kings of arabia and of the rulers of the earth.

I Kings 10:16 then solomon made three hundred gifts of purtain gold, full of two hundred silver coins, each of the spies.

I Kings 10:17 and three hundred silver clothes of pure gold. each one kill made three mines gold. he put them in the house of the sea of the libano.

I Kings 10:18 then the king made a great throne of elfenben and overcoved it with pure gold.

I Kings 10:19 the throne had two grains of grains, and the beast of the throne was to one side, and on each side was hands on the place of the sittation, and two leones stood by the hands.

I Kings 10:20 and twelve leons stood there on the sex stups from each side. like this is not happened in any kingdom.

I Kings 10:21 all the drincs of solomon ' s drink were made of gold, and all the vacks in the house of the sea of the libano were made of pure gold. silver, there was nothing in the days of solomon.

I Kings 10:22 for the king had tarsis shepen on the sea with the cors of hiram. three years the tarsis-flotte came from tarsis and brought gold and silver, olives, pains, and pains.

I Kings 10:23 so the king salomo became greater than all the kings of the earth with riquezas and wisdom.

I Kings 10:24 and all the earth were trying to look for solomon for listen to his wisdom that god had put in his heart.

I Kings 10:25 each of them brought his offering : golden and gober of gold, clothing, clothing, aromatic things, horses, and muls, every year.

I Kings 10:26 solomon had four thousand hors and whears and twelve 000 ruiters. he placed them in the large group of the wags and with the king in jerusalem. he was governor over all the kings from the river until the land of the philistins and to the region of egypt.

I Kings 10:27 the king gathered the silver and gold like stones in jerusalem, and the cedrs like the figs of figs in the laevand.

I Kings 10:28 the horses of solomon reported out of egypt and from tekoa. the merchants of the king welcomed them from tekoa by order.

I Kings 10:29 the waght went out of egypt for six hundred silver coins of silver, and a horse for two and fifty silver. so they were like this to all the kings of the hetiens and the kings of syria.

I Kings 11:1 now king solomon believed the daughter of pharaoh, with the daughter of pharaoh : moabits, ammonitians, edom, edom, heth, and amoreens.

I Kings 11:2 from the nations about which the lord said to the people of israel, " you should not enter them, and they must not enter you. they will remove your hearts to their idols. " to them salomo was refused to love.

I Kings 11:4 now in the time of salomon his wives turned his heart to follow others guests, and his heart was not perfect with the lord his god just as the heart of his father david.

I Kings 11:5 thus for astarte, the defficult of the sidonians, astarte.

I Kings 11:6 salomo made what was evil in the eyes of the lord and did not follow the lord, just as his father david.

I Kings 11:7 that very time, solomon built a high household for kemos, the idol of moab, and to milos, the idol of the people of ammon.

I Kings 11:8 he has done this with all his other women who offered incense and offering offering to their idols.

I Kings 11:9 so the lord appeared against solomon because his heart was rejected from the lord god of israel, who had appeared to him to two times.

I Kings 11:10 and instructed him not to follow others, but he did not obey what the lord had commanded him.

I Kings 11:11 then the lord said to solomon, " because you have done this, and you have not obeyed my commandments and my commandments that i commanded you, i will remove the kingdom from you and give it to your slave.

I Kings 11:12 but i will not do it in your days for your father david, but i will take it from your son ' s hand.

I Kings 11:13 but i will not take the whole kingdom away. i will give your son a tribe for my servant david and for jerusalem that i have chosen. "

I Kings 11:14 so the lord raised for solomon the edomitian, hezron son of eliada, who was in rammath of soba king of soba, who was his lord. people were assembled against him and assembled the damascus. in all the days of solomon and hadad the edomita was from the kingdom of edom.

I Kings 11:15 now when david was lame to edom, joab, the commanding officer, went to burial those who were killed and had killed all who were manners in edom,

I Kings 11:16 for joab and all israel stayed there for six months until he had taken out all the manners from edom.

I Kings 11:17 so hadad left with some edomites from his father ' s servants, and went to egypt. hadad was a little child.

I Kings 11:18 they went up from midjan and came to paran. they took some men with them and came to pharaoh, king of egypt, who gave him a house and gave him bread.

I Kings 11:19 now hadad found great favor before pharaoh, and he gave him to her a wife, his wife ' s sister, the sister of thekpenes.

I Kings 11:20 the sister of tapenes gave him his son genubat. tachpenes permitted him in pharaoh ' s house. so genubath was in the city of pharaoh among the pharaoh ' s sons.

I Kings 11:21 now when hadad heard in egypt that david had died with his ancestors and that the lead of the soldier was dead, hadad said to pharaoh, " send me away, so i will return to my land. "

I Kings 11:22 but pharaoh said to him, " what is you going with me, since you want to go to your country ? " he replied, " no, but send me away. "

I Kings 11:25 when ben-hadad had done this, he became anger on israel and he reigned in the land of edom.

I Kings 11:26 jeroboam, the son of nebat, the ephratita, was from sareda, the son of a widow, a slave of salomo.

I Kings 11:27 this is the opportunity that he raised his hand against the king : solomon bouwed millo and separed the sight in the city of his father david.

I Kings 11:28 now the man jeroboam was a powerful man. when solomon saw that the child was working of work, he made him over all the charges of the house of joseph.

I Kings 11:29 at that time, while jeroboam came out of jerusalem, the prophet ahijah the silo found him on the road. ahia was put on a new clothing, and they were both on the field.

I Kings 11:30 then ahia took his new cloak that was on him and breathed it in twelve pedawns

I Kings 11:31 then he said to jeroboam, " take you ten pieces, for so says the lord, the god of israel, ' look, i will take the kingdom from solomon ' s hand and give you ten tribes.

I Kings 11:32 but he will have a tribe for my sake david and for jerusalem, the city i have chosen from all the tribes of israel.

I Kings 11:33 because they have left me and performed milkom, the defilation of the sidons, to kemosh, the god of moab, and to milkom, the god of the ammonites, and did not follow my wells, to do what is right before me, and my practice, as his father david.

I Kings 11:34 but i will not take the whole kingdom away from his hand, but i will command him along all his life because of my servant david whom i chose, and who had decided my instruction.

I Kings 11:35 but i will take the kingdom from his son ' s hand and give it to you, the ten tribe.

I Kings 11:36 now i will give his son a tribe, so that my slave david may have a household always before me in jerusalem, the city i have chosen for me to place my name there.

I Kings 11:37 and you will accept you, and you will reign over everything you desire, and you will be king over israel.

I Kings 11:38 if you obey everything i command you and follow my wells and do what is right before me, obeing my commandments and commandments, just as david my servant has done, i will be with you and will rebuild you a faithful house, as i have built to david.

I Kings 11:40 so solomon wanted to kill jeroboam, but he stood up and ran to egypt to sisak, king of egypt, and remained in egypt until solomon died.

I Kings 11:41 the rest of the crots of solomon, everything he has done, all his wisdom, is opteed in the letter of the cronicas of solomon ?

I Kings 11:42 salomon reigned to jerusalem over all israel were firty years.

I Kings 11:43 now solomon oned to jamp with his ancestors and buried him in the city of his father david. when her son jeroboam heard this while he was still in egypt where he had fear from solomon, he remained and went to his town, to the land of sareda, in the mountain of ephraim. and his son roboam reigned in his place.

I Kings 12:1 rehabeam went to sichem, because the whole israel had come to sichem to make him king.

I Kings 12:3 then the people said to king rehabeam,

I Kings 12:4 " your father endured our yocks hard, but remove you now from the hard service of your father and the hard bed he placed on us, so we will serve you. "

I Kings 12:5 he said to them, " go for three days and return back to me. " so the people went away.

I Kings 12:6 then king roboam counted council with the elders who stood before his father solomon while he was alive, and asked, " what do you consider to give this people ? "

I Kings 12:7 they said to him, " if you will be a slave to this people and serve them and speak good words to them, they will be your slaves for all times. "

I Kings 12:8 but he destroyed the plan of the elders that they had given him, and consulted with the children who had gathered with him and stood before him.

I Kings 12:9 he asked them, " what do you consider to say to this people who said to me, ' put up the bed that your father has put on us ? ' "

I Kings 12:10 the women who had gathered with him said to him, " speak to this people who said to you, ' your father has put our yoke hard, but put it down for us. ' speak to them, ' my little child is greater than my father ' s heupe !

I Kings 12:11 now if my father has put a hard joie on you, i will put you to more. my father has casted you with scorpions, but i will stray you with scorpions ! ' "

I Kings 12:12 now on the third day roboam and the whole lame came to rehabeam, just as the king had spoken, saying, " return to me on the third day. "

I Kings 12:13 then the king addressed the people hard and left the plan of the elders that they had given him.

I Kings 12:14 he spoke to them according to the plan of the men, saying, " if my father has made you hard, i will put your jock more. my father has casted you with scorpions, but i will stray you with scorpions ! "

I Kings 12:15 so the king did not listen to the people, because this happening was from the lord so that the message that he had spoken to jeroboam, the son of nebat, through ahijah the silonita.

I Kings 12:16 when all the people saw that the king did not listen to them, the people answered the king, " what part have we in david ? we have no arrest in the son of isaes. to your homes, israel ! now, david, weight your house ! " so israel went to his homes.

I Kings 12:18 then the king rehabeam sent adoram, who was over the tributation, but all the people of israel stone him with stones, so that he died. then the king rehoboam went up to ascend and flow to jerusalem.

I Kings 12:19 so israel rebelled from the house of david until this day.

I Kings 12:20 when all the people of israel heard that jerech had returned, they sent to send him to the synagogue and made him king over all israel. there was no one who followed the house of david except the tribe of judah alone.

I Kings 12:21 now when roboam entered jerusalem, he gathered the whole people of judah and the tribe of benjamin, a hundred and twenty-thousand officioned, to strike against the house of israel to turn the kingdom to rehabeam, the son of solomon.

I Kings 12:22 but the word of god came to shemaja the man of god, saying,

I Kings 12:23 " tell rehabeam, the son of solomon, the king of judah, and to the whole judas and benjamin, and to the rest of the people, saying,

I Kings 12:24 " so says the lord, ' do not ascend or combation against your brothers, the israelites. return each one to his home, for this way has happened from me. ' " so they obeyed the word of the lord and turned back to go according to the word of the lord.

I Kings 12:25 so jeroboam built sichem in the mountain of ephraim and remained there. then he went out from there and built penuel.

I Kings 12:26 so jeroboam said in his heart, " now the kingdom will return to the house of david.

I Kings 12:27 if this people ascends to offer sacrifices in the house of the lord in jerusalem, then the heart of the people will turn back to their lord and to rehabeam, king of judah, and they will put me away and return to rehabeam, king of judah. "

I Kings 12:28 so the king consulted and made two golden kalls and said to the people, " you have as long to go up to jerusalem ! look, israel, you are your gods who have brought you out of the land of egypt ! "

I Kings 12:29 he made one in bethel, and the other he gave in dan.

I Kings 12:30 this reason happened to sin. the people went away before the one, to dan.

I Kings 12:31 he also made huse on high place and made priests among all of the people, who were not from the sons of levi.

I Kings 12:32 then jeroboam celebred a feast on the eighth month of the eighth day of the month, like the feast that was in judah, and went up on the altar. so he did in bethhel to offer sacrifices to the kalls he had made. so he presented the priests of the high sacrifices that he had made.

I Kings 12:33 then he went up on the altar that he had made, on the fighth day of the eighth month of the eighth month on the feast he had formed. he celebred a feast for the israelites, and went up to the altar to incense.

I Kings 13:1 now a man of god came from judah by the word of the lord to bethel, while jeroboam stood on the altar to brenne incense.

I Kings 13:2 then he called against the altar by the word of the lord and said, " altar, altar ! so says the lord, ' look, a son will be born to the house of david, whose name will be josias. he will offer sacrifices to you the priests of high high offerings that will offer bread on you, and human bears will burn on you. "

I Kings 13:3 in that day he gave a sign, saying, " this is the sign that the lord has spoken : look, the altar will be destroyed and the aspect that is on it will be spread. "

I Kings 13:4 now when the king heard the word of the man of god, who appeared to the altar in bethhel, he extended his hand from the altar and said, " take him up ! " but his hand that he extended against him was torn, and he could not remove it.

I Kings 13:5 then the altar was cut off and the root spread from the altar according to the wonder that the man of god had given according to the word of the lord.

I Kings 13:6 then the king said to the man of god, " pray to the lord your god and pray for the lord your god and ask my hand to me. " the man of god prayed the lord and the king ' s hand returned to him, and it was like the first.

I Kings 13:7 then the king said to the man of god, " come with me into the house and eat, and i will give you gift. "

I Kings 13:8 but the man of god said to the king, " if you give me the half of your house, i will never enter you, or i will never eat or drink water in this place,

I Kings 13:9 for this man has commanded me by the word of the lord : do not eat bread or drink water, and do not return on the way you went. ' "

I Kings 13:10 so he went on another way and did not return the way he had come to bethel.

I Kings 13:11 now there was a old prophet in betel. his son came and reported to him everything that the man of god had done in bethel. they reported the words he had spoken to the king.

I Kings 13:12 and their father asked them, " by what way has he went ? " his sons saw the way the man of god who had come from judah.

I Kings 13:13 then he said to his sons, " sell the eselin to me ! " so they gathered the eselin for him, and he sat on it.

I Kings 13:14 he went to the man of god and found him sitting under a tree. he asked him, " you are the man of god who came from judah ? " he replied, " i. "

I Kings 13:15 he said to him, " come with me and eat bread. "

I Kings 13:16 but he replied, " i will not go back with you to return with you, and i will not eat or drink water with you in this place.

I Kings 13:17 for this man is commanded me by the word of the lord, ' you should there not eat bread or drink water there, and do not return on the way you went back. ' "

I Kings 13:18 he said to him, " i too am a prophet like you, and an angel spoke to me in the word of the lord, saying, ' bring him back with yourself into your house to eat bread and drink water. ' but he rejected him.

I Kings 13:19 so saul returned with him and ate bread in his house and drinking water.

I Kings 13:20 while they were seated on the table, the word of the lord came to the prophet who had revealed him.

I Kings 13:21 then she said to the man of god who came from judah, " so says the lord, because you rebelled the order of the lord and did not obey the commandment that the lord your god gave you,

I Kings 13:22 but returned and ate bread and drinking water in the place where he said to you, ' do not eat bread or drink water, ' your body will never enter your ancestors. ' "

I Kings 13:23 after he had eaten and drinking, he gathered the eselin for whom he had returned back.

I Kings 13:24 when he went away, a lew found him on the road and killed him. his body was thrown off on the road, and the bound stood with him, and the lew stood along the body.

I Kings 13:25 when some going through they saw the body thrown on the road and the lew standing near the body. they went and spoke it in the city where the older prophet was sitting.

I Kings 13:26 when the man who had rejected him from the way, the man of god said, " this is the man who rebelled the word of the lord. "

I Kings 13:28 he went and found his body heated on the road, and the eselin and the lew standing near the body. the lew did not eat the body or broken the donkey.

I Kings 13:29 then the prophet took the body of the man of god, placed it on the eselin and brought him back.

I Kings 13:30 in his tomb they stumbled him : " woe, brother ! "

I Kings 13:31 after he had cut him, he said to his sons, " when i am dead, begraw me in the tomb where the man of god is buried. place my bears before his bears.

I Kings 13:32 for the message he spoke by the word of the lord against the altar in bethel and about all the household of high household that are in samaria. "

I Kings 13:33 after this jeroboam did not return from his evil deeds, but continued to make some priests of high people from the people of high people. anyone who wanted, he completed his hand, so that he became a priest in high places.

I Kings 13:34 now it will be rejected for the sins of jeroboams, which was destructed and who has been destroyed from the ground of the earth. "

I Kings 14:1 now it will be rejected for the sins of jeroboams, which was destructed and who has been destroyed from the ground of the earth. "

I Kings 14:2 now it will be rejected for the sins of jeroboams, which was destructed and who has been destroyed from the ground of the earth. "

I Kings 14:3 now it will be rejected for the sins of jeroboams, which was destructed and who has been destroyed from the ground of the earth. "

I Kings 14:4 now it will be rejected for the sins of jeroboams, which was destructed and who has been destroyed from the ground of the earth. "

I Kings 14:5 now it will be rejected for the sins of jeroboams, which was destructed and who has been destroyed from the ground of the earth. "

I Kings 14:6 now it will be rejected for the sins of jeroboams, which was destructed and who has been destroyed from the ground of the earth. "

I Kings 14:7 now it will be rejected for the sins of jeroboams, which was destructed and who has been destroyed from the ground of the earth. "

I Kings 14:8 now it will be rejected for the sins of jeroboams, which was destructed and who has been destroyed from the ground of the earth. "

I Kings 14:9 now it will be rejected for the sins of jeroboams, which was destructed and who has been destroyed from the ground of the earth. "

I Kings 14:10 now it will be rejected for the sins of jeroboams, which was destructed and who has been destroyed from the ground of the earth. "

I Kings 14:11 now it will be rejected for the sins of jeroboams, which was destructed and who has been destroyed from the ground of the earth. "

I Kings 14:12 now it will be rejected for the sins of jeroboams, which was destructed and who has been destroyed from the ground of the earth. "

I Kings 14:13 now it will be rejected for the sins of jeroboams, which was destructed and who has been destroyed from the ground of the earth. "

I Kings 14:14 now it will be rejected for the sins of jeroboams, which was destructed and who has been destroyed from the ground of the earth. "

I Kings 14:15 now it will be rejected for the sins of jeroboams, which was destructed and who has been destroyed from the ground of the earth. "

I Kings 14:16 now it will be rejected for the sins of jeroboams, which was destructed and who has been destroyed from the ground of the earth. "

I Kings 14:17 now it will be rejected for the sins of jeroboams, which was destructed and who has been destroyed from the ground of the earth. "

I Kings 14:18 now it will be rejected for the sins of jeroboams, which was destructed and who has been destroyed from the ground of the earth. "

I Kings 14:19 now it will be rejected for the sins of jeroboams, which was destructed and who has been destroyed from the ground of the earth. "

I Kings 14:20 now it will be rejected for the sins of jeroboams, which was destructed and who has been destroyed from the ground of the earth. "

I Kings 14:21 roboam the son of salomo reigned in judah. reroboam was for forty years when he became along, and he reigned seventh years in jerusalem, the city that the lord had chosen from all the tribes of israel to sit his name there. his mother ' s mother was naama, the ammonita.

I Kings 14:22 then the people of judah did what was evil in the eyes of the lord, and they contempted him more than everything his ancestors had done.

I Kings 14:23 they bought offerings, statues, and ashers on every high mountain and under every ground tree.

I Kings 14:24 there were also prisoners in the land. they did all the abominations of the nations that the lord had driven out before the enfants of israel.

I Kings 14:25 now in the fifth time of rehoboam ' s king sisak, the king of egypt, went up against jerusalem.

I Kings 14:26 he took all the treasure of the temple of the lord and the treasure of the palace of the king. he took all things.

I Kings 14:27 after them, king rehabeam made kopers of bronze and put them to the officers of the officers who were guarding the city ' s house.

I Kings 14:28 now when the king went into the house of the lord, the officers carried them, and brought them into the palace of the officers.

I Kings 14:29 what is remained of rehabeam and everything he made, is opteed in the letter of the cronicas of the kings of judah ?

I Kings 14:30 and there was a battle among rehabeam and jerobeam always.

I Kings 14:31 then rehoboam went to jamp with his ancestors, and he was buried with his ancestors in the city of david. his son abijah blev reign in his place.

I Kings 15:1 a fourth years, the son of nebat, abijah became king over judah.

I Kings 15:2 he reigned seven years in jerusalem. his mother was maacha, a daughter of absalom.

I Kings 15:3 he went in all the sins of his father, which he had committed before him, and his heart was not perfect with the lord his god as the heart of his father david.

I Kings 15:4 but because of david the lord of his god, his god, gave him a rest, to make his son after him and confirme jerusalem.

I Kings 15:5 as david had doing what was right in the eyes of the lord, he did not deceive from everything he had commanded him, in all his life.

I Kings 15:7 what is remained of abijah, and everything he made, is opteed in the cronice of the kings of judah ? and there was a battle among abijah and jeroboam.

I Kings 15:8 so abijah dormed to jamp to his ancestors, and he was buried in the city of david. his son asa blev reign in his place.

I Kings 15:9 in the venty-fourth of jeroboam, the king of israel, asa became king over judah.

I Kings 15:10 he reigned twenty-een years in jerusalem. his mother was maacha, daughter of absalom.

I Kings 15:11 asa did what was right in the eyes of the lord, like his father david.

I Kings 15:12 he destroyed the idoles from the earth and left all the idols that his ancestors had done.

I Kings 15:13 and also his mother maacha he rejected from there to be a ruler, because she had made a food for the asherah. asa destroyed her cloaks and swallowed it in the torrent of kidron.

I Kings 15:14 but offeres were not taken away. yet asa ' s heart was perfect with the lord for all his days.

I Kings 15:15 in the temple of the lord he brought in the temple of the lord what his father possessed, silver, gold, and vaise.

I Kings 15:16 there was a battle among asa and baesa, king of israel, always.

I Kings 15:17 baesa, the king of israel, went up against judah and built rama so that he would not be anyone to go or enter asa, king of judah.

I Kings 15:18 then asa took all the silver and gold that was found in the treasurs of the temple and the treases of the temple of the king, and gave them in his servant. then the king asa sent them to ben-hadad, son of tabrimon, son of tabrimon, king of syria, who lived in damascus, saying,

I Kings 15:19 " let a covenant be among me and you, with my father and your father. look, i am sending you gold and gold. go and destroy your covenant with baesa, king of israel, so that he may go away from me. "

I Kings 15:20 ben-hadad heard king asa and sent his leaders over the towns of israel, and they divided ijon, dan, abel-bet-maaca, all kinneroth and all the land of nafthali.

I Kings 15:21 when baesa heard this, he left to build rama and returned to tirsa.

I Kings 15:22 then the king asa convocted all the people of judah, except except except. they carried up the stones and the trees that baesa had completed. by them the king asa rebuked gabaa of benjamin and mizpa.

I Kings 15:23 now the remains of asa ' s historion, all his power and all that he made, and what he made, and what he made, and what he made, and the things he made, is opteed in the cronice of the rulers of judah.

I Kings 15:24 so asa dechil to his ancestors, and he was buried with his ancestors in the city of david. his son jehossafat reign in his place.

I Kings 15:25 nadab, the son of jeroboam, reigned over israel in the second year of asa, king of judah, and reigned over israel two years.

I Kings 15:26 he was doing what was evil in the eyes of the lord and wanted in the way of his father and in his sins that he had made israel to sin.

I Kings 15:27 but baesa, the son of ahija, of the house of bilhan, assembled against him, and basha struck him in gibbeton that was among the philistins, because nadab and all the israelites walked around gibbeton.

I Kings 15:28 basha interroged him in the third regierungsjahr of asa, king of judah, and reigned him.

I Kings 15:29 now when he reigned, he struck all the family of jerobeam. he did not resting any enemy from jeroboams until he destrued him, according to the word of the lord that he had spoken through his servant ahijah the silonita.

I Kings 15:30 concerning the sins of jeroboam who he had made and who he had made israel to sin, because he had provoked the anger against the lord, the god of israel.

I Kings 15:31 what of rest is repraid of nadab and everything he made, is opteed in the cronice of the kings of israel ?

I Kings 15:33 in the third year of asa, king of judah, baesa, the son of ahijah, began to reign over all israel in thirsa and reigned for twenty-four years.

I Kings 15:34 he was doing what was evil in the eyes of the lord and wanted in the way of jerobeam and in his sin that he had made israel to sin.

I Kings 16:1 then the word of the lord came to jehu, son of hanani, to baesa :

I Kings 16:2 " for this reason i exalted you from the ground and put you a ruler over my people israel, but you went on jerobeams ' way and made my people israel to sin, provoking me to anger with their sins.

I Kings 16:3 look, i will remove baesa and his house, and i will do your house like the house of jeroboam, the son of nebat.

I Kings 16:4 the one of the family of baesa who dies in the city will the hunds eat. the one who dies on the field will the wild birds eat. "

I Kings 16:5 what of rest remains, what he made, and his power, is opteed in the letter of the cronicas of the kings of israel ?

I Kings 16:6 after baesa dorm to jamp with his ancestors, and he was buried in thirsa. his son ela became king in his place.

I Kings 16:7 but in the hand of jehu the son of hanani, the word of the lord came about baesa and his house for all the evil things he had done before the lord, provoking him to anger by his hands ' s work, to become like the house of jeroboam, and because he had killed him.

I Kings 16:8 ela, the son of baesa, reigned over israel for two years in tirsa.

I Kings 16:9 zimri, the ruler of the half of the horses, assembled him. ( now he was in thirsa drinking and drunk in the house of harsa the palace of the palace of tirsa.

I Kings 16:10 so zimri came and struck him in the city ' s lord, and died him, and he reigned in his place.

I Kings 16:11 as he was reiging to reign, he struck all the family of baesa and the people of his people.

I Kings 16:12 so all the familes of baesa, just as the lord had spoken about baesa and the family of baesa,

I Kings 16:13 concerning all the sins of baesa and his son ela, who they had done and who they had permitted israel to sin, provoking the anger from the lord god of israel with their idols.

I Kings 16:14 what of rest is reprayed, and everything he made, is opteed in the letter of the cronicas of the kings of israel ?

I Kings 16:15 so zimri reigned seven days in tirtsa, with the lame of israel, to gibbeton, that is of the philistins.

I Kings 16:16 when the people in the lead heard saying, " simri has condemned and has killed the king, " the whole israelit brought omri, the commanding officer, king over israel on that day in the lead.

I Kings 16:17 then omri and all the people of israel with him went up from gibbeton and bellayed tirtsa.

I Kings 16:18 when zimri saw that the city was taken up, he went into the palace of the palace and burned the city ' s house over him, and he died.

I Kings 16:19 because of his sins that he had completed, doing what was evil in the eyes of the lord, leading in the way of jerobeam and in his sin that he had committed and who had saatned israel to sin.

I Kings 16:20 what is rest of his acts and his confidence, is opteed in the letter of the cronicas of the kings of israel ?

I Kings 16:21 then the people of israel were divided : the half of the people followed tibni, the son of ginath, to make him king, and the half of the people followed omri.

I Kings 16:22 but the people who followed omri became greater than the people who followed tibni, the son of ginath. thibni died, and omri reigned.

I Kings 16:23 in the thirty-first year of asa, the king of judah, omri reigned over israel, and he reigned twelve years in tirsa.

I Kings 16:24 then he four the mountain of samaria from semer for two talents silver, and bought the mountain, and called the mountain that he bought, in the name of semer, the owner of the mountain, samaria.

I Kings 16:25 omri did what was evil in the eyes of the lord and kept evil than all who were before him.

I Kings 16:26 he went in every way of jeroboams, the son of nebat, and in his sins that he had made israel to sin, provoking the anger of the lord the god of israel with their idols.

I Kings 16:27 what is remained of omri, what he has done, and his power, is opteed in the letter of the cronicas of the kings of israel ?

I Kings 16:28 so omri one slaved to his ancestors and were rived at samaria. then jehosfatat stonged coots shment together. his son ahabs regerade in his yerinə. joram the son of his mother regerade in his yerinə. joram the son of asa regerade in his yerinə. joram the son of asa regerade in his yerinə. joram the son of asa regerade in his yerinə. joram the son of his mother was throned in his place. he regerade thirty and five years he in his house. he was the name of his mother asuba the daughter where she remain. he rewala for thirty and five years. he was the way of his father asa who did not deciliged from his sake.

I Kings 16:29 in the second reason of josafat, omri, the son of omri, reigned over israel in samaria, and he reigned two and two years.

I Kings 16:30 ( now achab did what was evil in the eyes of the lord than all those who were before him.

I Kings 16:31 he did not be great to go in the sins of jeroboam the son of nebat, but he married jezabel, a daughter of etbaal, king of sidon, and went and served baal and worshiped him.

I Kings 16:32 he raised a altar to baal in the temple of baal that he had built in samaria.

I Kings 16:33 achab made a ashera-pelle. so achab continued to provoke anger, provoking the lord of israel, than all the king of israel who were before him.

I Kings 16:34 in his days hiel the bethelita reedificed jericho. he themselves themselves themselves on his firstborn abiram, and he raised its ports to his younger son segub, according to what the lord had spoken through joshua the son of nun.

I Kings 17:1 the prophet elijah, the tisbiter, from the inhabitants of gilead, said to achab, " so to the lord the god of israel, before whom i stand, in these years there will never be daught or rain in these years except by my message ! "

I Kings 17:2 then the word of the lord came to him,

I Kings 17:3 " go away from here, and go to the east of kerith, that is over the jordan river.

I Kings 17:4 you will drink water from the river, and i have commanded the pigs to tear you there. "

I Kings 17:5 so he went and did according to the lord ' s message and went down and sat down on the torrent of kerith, that is over the jordan river.

I Kings 17:6 the girves brought for him bread and flesh the morning and bread, and he drinked from the river.

I Kings 17:7 but after some days the torrent died, because there was no rain on the land.

I Kings 17:8 then the word of the lord came to him,

I Kings 17:9 " get up and go to sarepta in sidon, and look, i have commanded there to be a widow to bear you. "

I Kings 17:10 so he got up and went to sarepta. when he went to the city of the city, a widow was there who gathered the tree. he called her out and said, " bring me a little water in a food, that i drink. "

I Kings 17:11 when she went to take it, he cried out to her and said, " take me a bread for bread in your hand. "

I Kings 17:12 but she replied, " so just as the lord your god lives, i have no brock, but only a meal of fish in the water and a little olive oil in the row. now i am gathering two coins, and i will go and make it for me and to my son, so that we may eat and eat. "

I Kings 17:13 then elijah said to her, " do not be afraid. go and do what you said. but first make a little bow for me and bring it out to me. then first may you do for you and for your son.

I Kings 17:14 for so says the lord of israel, the water of the flock will never destroy, and the bask of the olive oil will not fear until the day the lord will give rain on the earth. ' "

I Kings 17:15 so she went and made what he had done. so she and saul and her children were eating.

I Kings 17:16 the flock of the flock did not destroy, and the olie of the olie was not rejected, according to what the lord had spoken through elijah.

I Kings 17:17 after these things the son of the woman, the owner of the house, was sick. his sick were sick, so that no spirit was left in him.

I Kings 17:18 then she said to elijah, " what do you have with you, man of god ? have you come to me to remember my unrighteousness and to put my son to death ? "

I Kings 17:19 he said to her, " give me your son. " so he took him from her bound and brought him into the room where he was sitting, and put him on his bed.

I Kings 17:20 then she cried out to the lord and said, " lord, lord, have you done wrong to the widow where i live with her, to put her son to death ? "

I Kings 17:21 then he shouted three times on the child, and prayed to the lord and said, " lord my god, let this child ' s life return into him ! "

I Kings 17:22 so he said, and he called the child.

I Kings 17:23 so elijah took the man and brought him from the office to the house and gave it to his mother. " elijah said, " look ! your son is living ! "

I Kings 17:24 then the woman said to elijah, " now i know that you are a man of god and that the word of the lord in your mouth is true. "

I Kings 18:1 after many days the lord ' s word came to elijah in the third year, " go and appear to achab, and i will give rain on the face of the earth. "

I Kings 18:2 so elijah went to appear to achab. now there was a sick famine in samaria.

I Kings 18:3 so achab called obadia, the palace of the palace, but obadja was fear with great fear to the lord.

I Kings 18:4 now when jezabel was killed the prophets of the lord, obadja took hunty prophets and hid them in a spelonk for fifty and passed them with bread and water.

I Kings 18:5 ahab said to obadjah, " go through the land to all the fontements of water and all the rivers. vielhewise we will find grain, so that we may live both horses and muls, so that we will not destroy the beast. "

I Kings 18:6 so they divided the way for them to pass through it. achab went alone by one way, and obadja went on another way.

I Kings 18:7 when obadjah was on the road, elijah came to him alone. when obadjah came out, he fell down with his face to the ground and asked, " you are this, my lord elijah ? "

I Kings 18:8 he said, " i am. go and tell your master, elijah is here. "

I Kings 18:9 but he said, " what have i committed that you give your slave into ahab ' s hand to kill me ?

I Kings 18:10 so so as the lord your god lives, there is no nation or kingdom there my lord would not send to look for you. ' but when they said, ' there is not there, ' he burned the kingdom and its provinces because they had not found you.

I Kings 18:11 and now you say, ' go and tell your master, ' elijah is here ! "

I Kings 18:12 if i will go from you, the spirit of the lord will remove you into a land i do not know, and i will go to tell ahab, but he does not take me to be killed. but your slave is fearing the lord from his jeught.

I Kings 18:13 was it not told my lord what i have done when jezabel killed the prophets of the lord ? i have hidden a hundred of the prophets of the lord, fifty in a spelonk, fifty them with bread and water ?

I Kings 18:14 and now you say to me, ' go and tell your master, ' elijah is here ! ' and he will kill me. '

I Kings 18:15 then elijah said, " so to life the lord of the least i stand before him, i will appear to him today. "

I Kings 18:16 so obadja went out to meet achab and told him. so achab went out to help him.

I Kings 18:17 when achab saw elijah, he said to him, " you are the one who destroy israel ? "

I Kings 18:18 but he replied, " i have not destroyed israel, but you and your father ' s house, because you have rejected the commandments of the lord and followed the baals.

I Kings 18:19 now send and send all israel together to me on the mountain of karmel, and the four hundred fifty prophets of baal and the four hundred the prophets of the asherah who eat the table of jezabel. "

I Kings 18:20 so achab sent out to all the people of israel and gathered the prophets on the mountain of carmel.

I Kings 18:21 then elijah came up to all the people and said, " how long can you lame on two places ? if the lord is god, follow him, but if baal is, follow him ! " but the people did not answer him a order.

I Kings 18:22 then elijah said to the people, " i am only left for the prophet of the lord, but the prophets of baal are four hundred fifty.

I Kings 18:23 they should give us two oxes. they should chosen the one for themselves, think them and put them on the trees but do not put up fire. so i will make the other horn and put them on the trees but do not put up fire.

I Kings 18:24 then shall your god ' s name, and i will call on the name of the lord. the god who respondes with fire will be god. " the whole crowd replied, " what you have said is good ! "

I Kings 18:25 then elijah said to the prophets of baal, " call the one kalf and make the first, because you are many, and call on the name of your god, but do not put up fire ! "

I Kings 18:26 then they took the kalf that had given him and gave it, and called baal ' s name from the morning to the middad, saying, " baal, send us ! " but there was no voice or answer. so they stood on the altar that they had made.

I Kings 18:27 at midnight elijah spoke them and said, " shall out with a loud voice, because he is a god. he is enough, or he is still sleeping, or he is still sleeping or is still sleeping. "

I Kings 18:28 so they shouted with a loud voice and gathered their own sword with sword and spies until blood was spring on them.

I Kings 18:29 when the morning was passed, they began to prophesy until the time the sacrifice was offered. but there was no voice or a answer or one answer.

I Kings 18:30 then elijah said to the people, " come to me. " so all the people came up to him.

I Kings 18:31 so elijah took twelve stones according to the number of the tribes of the sons of israel, to whom the lord had spoken : " your name will be israel. "

I Kings 18:32 then he built from the stones a altar in the name of the lord and made a graf around the altar.

I Kings 18:33 then he stapped the holz, threw the brance and placed it on the holz.

I Kings 18:34 then he said, " put this again. " and they did a third time. then he said, " make a third time. " and they did a third time.

I Kings 18:35 the water went around the altar, and the graw filled with water.

I Kings 18:36 at the sacrifice of the sacrifice offered the sacrifice of the sacrifice of heaven came and said, " lord, god of abraham, isaac, and israel, let this people know that you are god in israel, and that i am your slave, and that i have done all these things for your order.

I Kings 18:37 listen to me, lord, repay me so that this people may know that you, lord, are god, and that you turn their hearts back back back to them. "

I Kings 18:38 then a fire from the lord fell from heaven and devoured the holocaust, the holz, the stones, and the stof, and destroyed the water that was in the tomb.

I Kings 18:39 when they saw this, all the people fell down with their face to the ground and said, " the lord is god ! the lord is god ! "

I Kings 18:40 then elijah said to them, " take up the prophets of baal ! no one will be saved ! " so they greated them, and elijah led them down to the torrent of kison and killed them there.

I Kings 18:41 then elijah said to achab, " get up, eat and drink, for the voice of the rain of rain. "

I Kings 18:42 so achab went up to eat and drink. but elijah ascended on the room of karmel, and looked down to the ground and placed his face among his parents.

I Kings 18:43 then he said to his servant, " get up and look at the sea. " so he went up, looked and said, " there is nothing. " he said, " get back seven times. " so he went back seven times.

I Kings 18:44 at the seventh wloud he said, " look, a little cloud is like a man ' s cloud. he said, " get and tell achab, ' gather your wagn and go down, so that the rain will not destroy you ! "

I Kings 18:45 now on this way the sky was darkened with clouds and spirit, and a great rain came. achab went out and went to jizreel.

I Kings 18:46 then the hand of the lord was against elijah, and he strike his heads and went before achab to jizreel.

I Kings 19:1 so achab told jezabel everything elijah had done, and how he had killed all the prophets by the sword.

I Kings 19:2 then jezabel sent a message to elijah, saying, " may god do me so and more, if i tomorrow in this very time i do your life like the life of one of them ! "

I Kings 19:3 when he saw this, he got up and went away for saved his life. then he went to beerseba in judah, and left his servant there.

I Kings 19:4 but he went into the wilderness a day of a day and came and sat down under a ginsteron. he asked for his life to be dead, and said, " it is most ! take my life, because i am not better than my ancestors ! "

I Kings 19:5 then he sat down and sat down under a stretcher. then a man touched him and said to him, " get up and eat. "

I Kings 19:6 when he looked, he saw a clothing off his head and a flock of water. he ate and drinked, and turned back and sat.

I Kings 19:7 the angel of the lord returned a second time and touched him and said, " get up and eat, for the way are great for you. "

I Kings 19:8 so he got up and ate and drinking, and with the power of that food he went forty days and firty nights until the mountain of horeb.

I Kings 19:9 then he went into a spelonk and remained there. when the lord ' s word came to him, he asked him, " what do you here here ? "

I Kings 19:10 he replied, " i have greatly insulted for the lord, the god of the majeshi, because the israelites have forgiven you, destroyed your altars, killed your prophets by the sword. i am only left and they want my life to take it. "

I Kings 19:11 he said, " go out and stand on the mountain before the lord. " so the lord passed, and a great storm spirit, who destroyed the mountains and threw the rocks before the lord. the lord was not in the spirit. after the spirit was earthquake, but there was no earthquake in the earthquake.

I Kings 19:12 after the earthquake, there was a fire, but the lord was not in the fire. after the fire was a stumbling voice, there was the lord.

I Kings 19:13 when elijah heard this, he opened his face with his mantel, went out and stood in the side of the spelonk. a voice said to him, " what do you here here ? "

I Kings 19:14 he replied, " i have greatly insulted for the lord, the allmächnity, because the israelites have left your covenant, have destroyed your altars, killed your prophets by the sword. i am only left, but they want to take my life. "

I Kings 19:15 then the lord said to him, " go and return your way to the wilderness of damascus, and come and anoine hazael as king over syrian.

I Kings 19:16 you also will anoine jehu, the son of nimsi, as king over israel, and anoine elisa, the son of saphat from abel-mehola, to be a prophet in your place.

I Kings 19:17 the one who comes from hazael ' s sword will jehu put to death, and the one who comes from the sword of jehu will hell him. "

I Kings 19:18 but i will leave in israel seven thousand, every knee that has not breet the knee against baal and every mouth that has not worshiped him. "

I Kings 19:19 so he went away from there and found elijah, the son of shafat, who was striking with twelve parts of oxes before him, and he himself was with the twelve parts. elijah went on him and broke his mantel on him.

I Kings 19:20 then he left the horns and followed elijah and said, " i will love my father and follow you. " elijah replied, " return, for i have done for you. "

I Kings 19:21 so he returned from him, took the cup of the horns and killed it, and with the sheep of the horns he broke them to the people, and they ate. then he got up and followed elijah, and served him.

I Kings 20:1 after benhadad together with all his lame, he went up and bellayed samaria. he had with him thirty and two kunges, horses, and wags. he went up and bellayed samaria and bellayed it.

I Kings 20:2 in the order he sent in the city to achab, the king of israel.

I Kings 20:3 thus he said to him, " so says the benhadad : ' your silver and your gold apart to me, and your women and your children are mine.

I Kings 20:4 the king of israel replied, " just as you said, my lord and king, i am your and everything i have.

I Kings 20:5 " when the messagers returned, they said, " so says ben-hadad, ' i sent to you saying, ' you will give me your silver and your gold, your women, and your children.

I Kings 20:6 i will think that tomorrow at this very hour i will send my servants to you so that they will keep your house and the homes of your servants. they will take whatever they will see, and they will take it. "

I Kings 20:7 in the journey, the king of israel called all the elders of the land and said, " see and see that this man causes evil. he has sent a message to me about my women, my sons, my silver, my gold, and i did not reject him. "

I Kings 20:8 when the elders and the whole people said to him, " do not listen, and do not want it. "

I Kings 20:9 in the same way, he said to the messagers of ben-hadad, " say to my lord the lord, ' i will do everything you sent to your slave first. but i cannot do this. " so the men went and reported the message to him.

I Kings 20:10 when benhadad appeared to him, he said, " may god do this with me and more to more, if the stof of samaria will take away for all the people who follow me. "

I Kings 20:11 " in the order of the king of israel replied, " say to him, ' the one who calls it should not boast as the one who practices him. "

I Kings 20:12 when john heard this message, he and the kings with him in the tents, he said to his servants, " make up wall ! " so they turned against the city.

I Kings 20:13 " in the same way, a prophet came to achab, the king of israel, and said, " so says the lord, ' you see all this great crowd ? look, i will give him today in your hand, so you will know that i am the lord. "

I Kings 20:14 " by whom ? " achab replied, " by who ? " he replied, " so says the lord, ' by the servants of the rulers of the province. " he asked, " who will rise the battle ? " he replied, " you. "

I Kings 20:15 after this, achab numpped the servants of the rulers of the province, and there were two hundred thirty and two. after this he recended all the people of israel, seventy thousand.

I Kings 20:16 in the middle they went out, and benhadad was drinking and drunk in the tencets with the thirty and two kings who were help with him.

I Kings 20:17 the officers of the rulers of the province went out first. so herod sent a message to the king of aram, saying, " people have gone out of samaria. "

I Kings 20:18 he said to them, " if they went out for peace, take them alive, and if they went out to make battle, take them alive ! "

I Kings 20:19 when the people of the rulers of the province and the power followed them were not going out of the city.

I Kings 20:20 each one divided his man, and the syrians flow, but israel persecuted them. so benhadad, the king of syria, saved on a horse with horses.

I Kings 20:21 after this the king of israel went out, he seized the horses and the wags and struck the aramaians great plage.

I Kings 20:22 whenever the prophet came to the king of israel, he said, " go firm and understand and see what you should do, for after the year, the king of syria will ascende against you. "

I Kings 20:23 thus the servants of the king of syria said to them, " the god of israel are a god of the mountains, so they were more greater than we. but if we make battle with them in the free, we will be greater than they.

I Kings 20:24 thus do this : remove the kings, each one of them, from his place, and make governor in their place.

I Kings 20:25 we will spend yourselves a order like the power that has fallen from you, and a horse like the horses and waves like the waves, and we will battle against them in the free, and we will be greater than they. " so he heard their voice and did so.

I Kings 20:26 after the year came, ben-hadad gathered the sirians and went up to afek to strike against israel.

I Kings 20:27 when the people of israel were gathered together, they were gathered and accompanied them, and the people of israel walked against them like two sheep of kez, but the syrians filled the earth.

I Kings 20:28 when the man of god came and said to the king of israel, " so says the lord : because the sirians said, ' the lord is a god of the mountains and not god of the dal, i will give all this great multitude in your hand, so you will know that i am the lord. ' "

I Kings 20:29 for seven days there they were bound among each other for seven days. on the seventh day the battle appeared, and the israelitians struck to the syrians a single day, a day of one day.

I Kings 20:30 the rest was divided, and the rest flow to afek in the city, and the wall fell on two and seven thousand of the rest. ben-hadad flow and entered the cammer and went into the kammer.

I Kings 20:31 he said to his servants, " we have heard that the kings of israel are mercy kings. let us put sackcloth on our heads and touces on our heads and go to the king of israel. vielhead he will save our life. "

I Kings 20:32 they were dressed in sacce and cinged sackcloth around their heads. they went to the king of israel and said, " your servant ben-hadad says, ' let my life live ! " so he asked, " is he still alive ? he is my brother. "

I Kings 20:33 when he was in order, the men gathered it, and they shouted out the word from his mouth. they said, " ben-hadad is your brother. " he said, " go and take him back. " so ben-hadad went out to him, and he brought him up to him on the wagn.

I Kings 20:34 he said to him, " i will repay you the towns that my father received from your father. you will make your gathers in damascus, just as my father made in samaria. " now he said, " i will send you away. " so he made a covenant with him and sent him away.

I Kings 20:35 there is one man of the prophets, one of the prophets by the message of the lord said to his neighbor according to the word of the lord. but the man did not want to struck him.

I Kings 20:36 he said to him, " because you did not obey the voice of the lord, look, when you go away from me, a lion will strike you. " so when he went away from him, a lion found him and struck him.

I Kings 20:37 when he was divided, he found another man and said, " bring me ! " so the man struck him, threw him and broke him.

I Kings 20:38 in the journey of it, the prophet went and stood before the king on the road. so he seized his eyes with a clothes.

I Kings 20:39 as the king was passing through, he cried out to the king and said, " your servant has gone out to the strict of the battle. then a man came and brought me a man and said, ' beware this man. if he divided, your life will be for his life or you will put a talent silver. '

I Kings 20:40 when your slave was divided there and here, your slave was leading here and here, but he was not. " the king of israel said to him, " your accusation is this : you have committed this. "

I Kings 20:41 immediately he divided the bind from his eyes, and the king of israel realized that he was one of the prophets.

I Kings 20:42 and said to him, " so says the lord, because you have brought out the man i released, your life will be for his life, and your people for his people. "

I Kings 20:43 in this journey, the king of israel went away, fearing and fearing, and came to samaria.

I Kings 21:1 in this journey, in jereel ' s prison, had a vineyard, a vineyard in jizreel, ahead of the palt of achab king of samaria.

I Kings 21:2 in this journey, achab said to naboth, " give me your vineyard, and it will be a garden garde for me, because it is near my house. i will give you a beautiful vineyard than he, or if it is better for your eyes, i will give you better of silver coins. "

I Kings 21:3 naboth said to achab, " may from me from the lord to give you the inheritance of my ancestors ! "

I Kings 21:4 as it was divided, ahab ' s spirit was suffered, and he stayed on his bed. he coopped his face, but did not eat bread.

I Kings 21:5 jezabel, his wife, came to him and said, " why is your spirit contristed, so that you can not eat ? "

I Kings 21:6 " because i spoke to naboth the jezreelita and said to it, ' give me your vineyard for silver or if you want, i will give you another vineyard in his place. ' but he said, ' i will not give you your vineyard. '

I Kings 21:7 jezabel, his wife, said to him, " are you now like king over israel ? get up, eat bread, and be glad ! i will give you the vineyard of naboth the jezreelita. "

I Kings 21:8 after this was in order, she wrote a scroll in the name of ahab, and sealed it with his seal, and sent the letter to the elders and the free who loved with naboth.

I Kings 21:9 in the scrolles, in the scrolles, was written : make a faste, and put naboth down in the beginning of the people.

I Kings 21:10 you should make two transgressed people to sit against him, who testify against him, saying, ' you have testified god and king. ' then bring him out and stone him to death. "

I Kings 21:11 the people of his town, the elders and the free who loved in his town, did what jezabel had sent to them, as it was written in the book that she had sent to them.

I Kings 21:12 they were called a jewish favor, and they sitting naboth in the beginning of the people.

I Kings 21:13 thus two unbelievers came and sat down before him. they testified against nabot against nabot, saying, " nabot has testified against god and the king. " so they led him out of the city and stone him with stones, and he died.

I Kings 21:14 they sent in order to jezabel, saying, " naboth has been stoned and dead. "

I Kings 21:15 when jezabel heard about that naboth was dead, she said to achab, " get up, inherit the vineyard of naboth the jezreelita, who has not given to you for silver, because naboth is not alive but has been dead. "

I Kings 21:16 when ahab heard that naboth was dead, achab stood up to the vineyard of naboth the jezreelita to inherit him.

I Kings 21:17 in the journey of it, the lord said to elijah the tisbith :

I Kings 21:18 " get up and go down to incontro achab, the king of israel, who is in samaria. look, he is in naboth vineyard, for he has come down to take it in possession.

I Kings 21:19 you will be in order and speak to him, ' so says the lord : have you killed and possessed ? why then, so says the lord, ' in the place where naboth ' s blood have broken the blood of naboth, the hunds will eat your blood, and the prostitutes will think in your blood. '

I Kings 21:20 " if you have found me, my enemy, you have found me ? " he replied, " i found, because you have rejected you to do what is evil in the eyes of the lord.

I Kings 21:21 so then, so says the lord : look, i will bring evil on you and destroy your follow, and i will destroy from achab the one who sees on the wall, both wear or destroyed in israel.

I Kings 21:22 i will make your house like the house of jeroboam, the son of nebat, and like the house of baesa, the son of ahia, because you have provoked anger and made israel to sin.

I Kings 21:23 to jezabel, the lord spoke to jezabel, saying, ' the hunds will eat it in the portice of jizreel. '

I Kings 21:24 in the wilderness of the one of ahab in the city will the hunds eat, and the one who mors on the field will the wild birds eat. "

I Kings 21:25 it is like achab, who sold him to do what is evil in the eyes of the lord, because his wife jezabel rejected him.

I Kings 21:26 he is greatly districted in the journey, just as he follow the idols, just as the amoreens did, whom the lord exalted from the presence of the israelites.

I Kings 21:27 when ahab heard these things, he destroyed his clothing, dressed around his body and fasting. he was dressed in sack clothing and fasting, and was dressed in sacce at the day naboth, the jezreelite.

I Kings 21:28 when it was districted, the word of the lord came to elijah, about ahab, saying :

I Kings 21:29 whenever you have seen, how achab has been humilid before me, i will not bring the evil things in his days, but in the days of his son i will bring the evil one against him.

I Kings 22:1 so they stayed there three years, and there was no battle among the syrian and israel.

I Kings 22:2 now in the third year, the king of judah, went down to the king of israel.

I Kings 22:3 then the king of israel said to his slaves, " don ' t you know that ramoth in gilead is us ? and we are silent to take her from the king of syria ? "

I Kings 22:4 then he said to josafata, " will you go with me to strike against ramoth in gilead ? " josafat replied to the king of israel, " i am like you, my people as your people, my heips like your horses ! "

I Kings 22:5 but jehossafat said to the king of israel, " ask then the word of the lord. "

I Kings 22:6 then the king of israel gathered the prophets about four hundred men and asked them, " should i go to strike against ramoth in gilead or allow me away ? " they replied, " get up, for the lord will give them in the king ".

I Kings 22:7 but jehossafat said, " there is there no prophet of the lord to ask through him ? "

I Kings 22:8 the king of israel said to josafata, " there is still a man through whom we should ask the lord, but i hatal him, because he does not speak good about me but only evil. " but josafat said, " the king should not say this ! "

I Kings 22:9 then the king of israel called one eunuch and said, " bring micha, the son of jimla ! "

I Kings 22:10 now the king of israel and josafat, the king of judah, were sitting each one on his throne at the door of samaria, and all the prophets were prophesy before them.

I Kings 22:11 then sedecias, the son of kenaana, made for himself iron horns and said, " so says the lord, with these will you strike the syrians until you have finished them ! ' "

I Kings 22:12 all the prophets prophesy like this, saying, " get up to ramoth in gilead, and you will be well. the lord will give it in the hand of the king. "

I Kings 22:13 the angel who went to call micha said to him, " look, the prophets speak good to the king with one voice. let your word be like the words of one of them, and speak good. "

I Kings 22:14 but micheah replied, " so to the lord, what the lord says to me i will speak. "

I Kings 22:15 when he came to the king, the king asked him, " micha, should we go to strike against ramot in gilead, or should i stay away ? " he replied, " get up, and you will be right, and the lord will give it in the hand of the king ! "

I Kings 22:16 but the king said to him, " how much times will i proclaim you not to speak to me the truth in the name of the lord ? "

I Kings 22:17 micha replied, " i saw all israel dispersed on the mountains, like sheep without a shepherd. then the lord said, ' these people have no owner. let them return, each one in peace. ' "

I Kings 22:18 the king of israel said to josafat, " did i not tell you that he will not prophesy about me good but evil ? "

I Kings 22:19 but micha said, " therefore listen to the word of the lord ! i saw the lord sitting on his throne, and all the heavenly crowds stood before him at his right and at his left.

I Kings 22:20 then the lord said, ' who will deceive achab that he ascends and fall in ramoth in gilead ? ' the one said the same, the other say.

I Kings 22:21 then a spirit came and stood before the lord and said, ' i will deceive him ! ' " the lord asked him, ' by what ? '

I Kings 22:22 he replied, ' i will go out and be a false spirit in the mouth of all his prophets. ' but he said, ' you will deceive it and you will understand. go out and do so. '

I Kings 22:23 now look, the lord has put a false spirit in the mouth of all these your prophets, and the lord has pronounced evil on you. "

I Kings 22:24 then zedekiah, the son of kenaana, came and struck micha on the kind and said, " where did the spirit of the lord come out to speak with you ? "

I Kings 22:25 micha replied, " you will see at that day when you enter a cammer to secret. "

I Kings 22:26 then the king of israel said, " take micha and bring him back to amon, the ruler of the city, and to joas the son of the king.

I Kings 22:27 saying, ' take this man in prison and eat him with bread of affliction and water of affliction until i return in peace. ' "

I Kings 22:28 micheah replied, " if you return back in peace, the lord has not spoken about me. "

I Kings 22:29 so the king of israel and yosafat, the king of judah, went up to ramoth-gilead.

I Kings 22:30 then the king of israel said to josafat, " i will remove and go into the battle, but be you clothed your clothing. " so the king of israel was clothed and went into the battle.

I Kings 22:31 now the king of syria had commanded thirty and two rulers of his ways, saying, " do not strike against a little or great, except against the king of israel alone. "

I Kings 22:32 when the wagers of the wagns saw yosafat, they said, " this is the king of israel ! " so they went around him to combation. but jehossafat shouted out.

I Kings 22:33 when the wagers ' s officions saw that this man was not the king of israel, they turned away from him.

I Kings 22:34 but a certain man seized the bound and struck the king of israel among the pains and the panics. then he said to his officers, " turn and bring me out of the battle, for i am suffered. "

I Kings 22:35 now the battle refured on that day, and the king stood on his wagn against the sirisy from the morning until the afternoon, but the blood from the plage went out to the finger of the wagn.

I Kings 22:36 now when the sun came, the proclaim of the sun stood, saying, " each one to his own town and each in his own country ! "

I Kings 22:37 so the king died and went to samaria, and they buried the king in samaria.

I Kings 22:38 when they threw the wagn on the sea of samaria, the hunds stoned his blood, and the prostitutes numped in the blood, according to the word of the lord that he had spoken.

I Kings 22:39 what of rest of ahab, everything he made, the superior house that he built, and all the towns he made, is written in the letter of the cronicas of the kings of israel ?

I Kings 22:40 so achab died to springe with his ancestors, and his son ahazia became king in his place.

I Kings 22:41 jehosat, the son of asa, reigned over judah in the fourth year of achab king of israel.

I Kings 22:42 josafats was about thirty and five years when he became along, and he reigned twenty-five years in jerusalem. his mother was named azuba, a daughter of salah.

I Kings 22:43 he went in every way to his father asa ' s way, and did not deceive from it, doing what was right in the eyes of the lord. nevertheless the high offerings was not taken away. the people offered and offered incense on the high places.

I Kings 22:44 however, jehosatat began to give peace with the king of israel.

I Kings 22:45 what is read of jehoshafat, his power, and his power that he made, is opteed in the letter of the cronicas of the kings of judah ?

I Kings 22:50 josafat went down with his ancestors, and he died with his ancestors in the city of his father david. his son joram blev reign in his place.

I Kings 22:51 in the seventy years of josafat, the king of judah, was reigned over israel in samaria at the seventy-zeventh of josafat, the king of judah, and he reigned to israel for two years.

I Kings 22:52 he will be difficult for them and doing what is evil in the eyes of the lord. he wanted in the way of his father and in the way of his mother, and in the way of jeroboams, the son of nebat, who had saatned israel to sin.

I Kings 22:53 he will be difficult for them, and he worshiped the baals and worshiped them. he provoked the lord, the god of israel, according to everything that was happened before him. i will not bring the evil things in his days, but in his son ' s days i will bring his evil place. "

II Kings 1:1 after ahab ' s death, moab rebelled against israel.

II Kings 1:2 now ahazih came through the gitter of his camp in samaria and was sick. then he sent messengers and said to them, " come and ask the god of baal-zebub, god of ekron, if i may come from this sick. " so they went to ask him.

II Kings 1:3 but an angel of the lord said to elijah the tisbiter, " get up and go the messengers of king of samaria and tell them, ' there is there there that there is no god in israel that you go to consult baal-zebub the god of ekron ?

II Kings 1:4 therefore, so says the lord, ' you will not come down from the bed you has ascended, but you will be put to death. ' " then elijah went away.

II Kings 1:5 when the messengers returned to him, he asked them, " why returned you ? "

II Kings 1:6 they replied, " a man went up to us and said to us, ' go back to the king who sent you and tell him, ' so says the lord : is there because there is no god in israel that you go to look for baal-zebub the god of ekron ? so you will not come down from the bed you got up, but you will be put to death. ' "

II Kings 1:7 he asked them, " what is the man who went out to encontrat you and spoke these words to you ? "

II Kings 1:8 they replied, " there was a lear man who had a leading belt around his belt. " then he said, " this was elijah the tisbiter. "

II Kings 1:9 then he sent a officer of officers with his fifty. when he came to him, elijah seated on the top of the mountain. he said to him, " man of god, the king called you come down. "

II Kings 1:10 elijah answered the officers, " if i am an man of god, let fire come down from heaven and consume you and your fifty. " then there came fire from heaven and devoured him and his fifty.

II Kings 1:11 then he sent another officers with his fifty. he said to him, " man of god, the king says, ' come down quicchly ! "

II Kings 1:12 but elijah answered them, " if i am a man of god, let fire come down from heaven and consume you and your fifty. " then there came fire from heaven and devoured him and his fifty.

II Kings 1:13 then he sent a third officers with his fifty officers with his fifty officions. the third officers came to him, knelt down before elijah and begged him, saying, " you man of god, let my life and the life of these fifty servants may be precious in your eyes ! "

II Kings 1:14 look, a fire came down from heaven and devoured the two first hundreders with their fifty officers. but now let my life be precious in your eyes ! "

II Kings 1:15 then the angel of the lord said to elijah, " come down with him. do not be afraid of him. " so he stood up and went with him to the king.

II Kings 1:16 then he said to him, " so says the lord, ' because you sent messengers to look for baal-zebub the god of ekron ? therefore you will not come down from the bed you has sat down, but you will be put to death. ' "

II Kings 1:17 so he died according to the word of the lord that elijah had spoken.

II Kings 1:18 now the rebuke of the acts of ahazihas, what his father made, has been written in the scrolle of the rulons of the kings of the rulers of the regions of the rulers of the regions of the rulers of the regions of the rulers of the rulers of joram, the king of judah.

II Kings 2:1 when the lord brought elijah up in a storm to heaven, elijah and elizeus went away from gilgal.

II Kings 2:2 then elijah said to him, " stay here here, because the lord has sent me to bethel. " but he said, " so to the lord and so to your life i will not forgive you ! " so they went to bethel.

II Kings 2:3 then the sons of the prophets who were in bethhel came to elizée and said to him, " do you know that the lord remains your lord from your head ? " he replied, " i know too. stay silent ! "

II Kings 2:4 then elijah said to him, " stay here here, because the lord has sent me to jericho. " but he said, " so to the lord and so to your life i will not forgive you ! " so they went to jericho.

II Kings 2:5 then the prophets of the prophets who were in jericho approached elizée and said to him, " do you know that the lord will take your lord away from your head ? " he replied, " i know too. be silent ! "

II Kings 2:6 then elijah said to him, " stay here here, because the lord has sent me to the jordan river. " but he said, " so to the lord and so to your life i will not forgive you ! " so they went away.

II Kings 2:7 and fifty men of the prophets stood from a distance, but they were both stood by the jordan river.

II Kings 2:8 then elijah took his mantel, seized it, and struck it on the water, and the water died to each side, and both they went over in the wilderness.

II Kings 2:9 as they were going over, elijah said to elisa, " ask what i may do for you before i am taken away from you. " elisa said, " let the dubble of your spirit be done on me ! "

II Kings 2:10 but he replied, " you were hard to ask. if you see me when i am taken up from you, it will happen to you. but if not, you will never be done. "

II Kings 2:11 as they were going along, they began to speak. suddenly a fiery wall and fiers horses and divided them two. then elijah went up to heaven in a storm.

II Kings 2:12 when elijah saw this, he shouted out, " father, father ! the wagn of israel and his walls ! " then he did not see him again. he took his clothes and threw them in two stukkes.

II Kings 2:13 then he took elijah ' s mantel that had fallen from him, returned and stood on the bread of the jordan river.

II Kings 2:14 then he took elijah ' s mantel that had fallen from him and struck on the water and said, " where is the lord, the god of elijah ? " when he struck the water, it died to each side, and elisa went over.

II Kings 2:15 when the prophets of the prophets who were in jericho saw him, they said, " the spirit of elijah has regained elijah. " so they came to him and worshiped him to the ground.

II Kings 2:16 and they said to him, " look, there are with your servants fifty men. let they go and look for your master. vielless the spirit of the lord has brought him and thrown him on one of the mountains or on one of the mountains. " but he said, " do not send him. "

II Kings 2:17 but they rebuked him until he was ashamed and said, " send him. " so they sent fifty men and were seeking three days, but did not find him.

II Kings 2:18 when they returned to him while he was sitting in jericho, he said to you, " did i not tell you, do not go ? "

II Kings 2:19 the people of the city said to elizeus, " look, the town of the city is good, just as your master is seen. but the water is evil and the land is unfearing. "

II Kings 2:20 he said, " take me a new schaal and put salt there. " so they brought it to him.

II Kings 2:21 then he went out to the street of the water and throw salt there and said, " so says the lord, ' i have healed these water. there will no longer be death or unchildren. ' "

II Kings 2:22 so the water were healed until this day, according to the message that elijah promised.

II Kings 2:23 then he went up from there to bethel. as he went up the way, little children came out of the city and greated him. they said to him, " get up, fever, get up ! "

II Kings 2:24 when he returned and saw them, he praised them in the name of the lord. then two women from the wêl came out and killed forty and two children from them.

II Kings 2:25 he went away from there to the mountain of carmel, and from there he returned to samaria.

II Kings 3:1 joram, the son of ahab, reigned over israel in the eightenth yehorat, the king of judah, and he reigned twelve years.

II Kings 3:2 he was doing what was evil in the eyes of the lord, but not like his father and mother, because he destroyed the stone of baal that his father had made.

II Kings 3:3 nevertheless, he was rejected in the sins of jeroboams, the son of nebat, who had pastened israel to sin ; he did not leave it.

II Kings 3:4 mesh, the king of moab, was a shepherd and brought to the king of israel a hundred thousand lammers and a hundred hundred mills with a flock.

II Kings 3:5 but after ahab died, the king of moab rebelled against the king of israel.

II Kings 3:6 so king joram went out of samaria and gathered all the people of israel.

II Kings 3:7 so he went and sent to jehoshapata, the king of judah, saying, " the king of moab has rebelled against me. you will go with me to combation against moab ? " he replied, " i will go ; i will be like you, my people as your people, my heips like your horses ! "

II Kings 3:8 he asked, " what of the way should i go ? " he replied, " the road of the wilderness of edom. "

II Kings 3:9 so the king of israel, the king of judah, and the king of edom went. they went around on the way of seven days, but there was no water for the lead and the beast that were on their feet.

II Kings 3:10 then the king of israel said, " woe ! the lord called the three men to go to give them in the hand of moab ! "

II Kings 3:11 but josafat said, " there is no prophet of the lord to ask for him to ask for the lord ? " then one of the servants of the king of israel answered, " here is elisa the son of saphat who poured water on elijah ' s hands. "

II Kings 3:12 josafat said, " there is the word of the lord. " so the king of israel, josafat, and the king of edom came down to him.

II Kings 3:13 but elisa said to the king of israel, " what do i have with you ? go to the prophets of your father and to the prophets of your father. " the king of israel said to him, " no, for the lord called the three kings to give them into the hand of moab ! "

II Kings 3:14 elisa replied, " so to the lord of the least i stand before him, if i would not see the face of josafat, the king of judah, i would not see to you or see you.

II Kings 3:15 but now take me a harp. " as the harp spied, the hand of the lord came on him.

II Kings 3:16 and he said, " so says the lord, ' make this rive graves with graves.

II Kings 3:17 for so says the lord, ' you will not see a spirit, and you will not see rain, but this torrent will be filled with water, so that you will drink, you and your lives and your lives.

II Kings 3:18 but this is great in the eyes of the lord. he will give the moabitans in your hand.

II Kings 3:19 you will destroy every force city and every force city and throw every good tree. you will cut all the quellen of water and cut all good parts with stones. ' "

II Kings 3:20 the morning at the offering of the sacrifice, water came from the road of edom and the land was filled with water.

II Kings 3:21 when all the moabits heard that the kings had gone up to strike against them, they shouted out of all those who were dressed by belt and belong, and stood on the region.

II Kings 3:22 when they got up the morning, the sun came up over the water, the moabites saw the water near like blood.

II Kings 3:23 they said, " this is blood ! the kings have seized the sword and killed one another. now to the build, moab ! "

II Kings 3:24 but when they came to the camp of israel, the israelitians stood up and struck the moabites, whom they departed. so they went in and struck moab.

II Kings 3:25 they destroyed the towns and throw each one his stone in every good payment and filled it. they stopped all the waters of the water and throwed every good tree until they left rest of the stones of kir-hareseth. then the greaters stopped and struck it.

II Kings 3:26 when the king of moab saw that the battle was greater than he, he took seven hundred men who were seizing for the sword, to put down to the king of edom, but they were not able to.

II Kings 3:27 then he took his firstborn son, who was to reign in his place, and offered him to a holocauste on the wall. great encouragement came over israel, and they left him and returned to his land.

II Kings 4:1 a woman from the sons of the prophets cried out to elizeus saying, " your husband, my husband, has died. you know that your slave was fearing the lord. then the lainer has come to take my two sons to his slaves. "

II Kings 4:2 elisa said to her, " what should i do for you ? tell me what you have in your house. " she replied, " your slave slaves has nothing in the house, except a clock of olives. "

II Kings 4:3 so he said to her, " go and ask for yourself gifts outside from all your members. do not be wear.

II Kings 4:4 then go in and stop the door for yourself and your sons, and put out into all these gifts, and take what is fulfilled. "

II Kings 4:5 so she went away from him. she seized the door for himself and for her sons. they brought her the news, and she poured out.

II Kings 4:6 when the gers were filled, she said to her son, " bring a vach to me again. " but he said to her, " there is no weak again. " then the olives stood up.

II Kings 4:7 she went and reported it to the man of god. he said, " go and give the olive oil and give your better. you and your sons will live with the rest of the olive oil. "

II Kings 4:8 a day elizeus went over to sunem. there was a great woman who arrested him to eat. just as he was going, he went back there to eat.

II Kings 4:9 she said to her husband, " look, i know that this man who practices us continually is holy man of god.

II Kings 4:10 let us make a little room for him and put a bed for him there, a table, a table, a difense, and a lampstand, so that when he comes to us, he will go back there. "

II Kings 4:11 now a day when he entered there, he went to the room and sat there.

II Kings 4:12 then he said to his servant gehazi, " call the sunamitin. " so he called her, and she stood before him.

II Kings 4:13 he said to him, " tell her : look, you have completed all this confusion for us. what must i do for you ? may you say for you to speak to the king or to the commanding officer ? " she replied, " i am in the middle of my people. "

II Kings 4:14 but he asked, " what should i do for her ? " gehazi replied, " look, she has no son, and her husband is an old. "

II Kings 4:15 then he called her, and she stood before the door.

II Kings 4:16 but he said, " in this time, at this time you will have a son. " she replied, " no, man of god, god of god, do not deceive your slave slaves ! "

II Kings 4:17 but the woman became pregnant and gave birth to a son at that time, just as elizeus had spoken to her.

II Kings 4:18 when the child was greatly greatly, a day went out to his father, to the harvest.

II Kings 4:19 then he said to his father, " my head, my head ! " he said to his child, " take him to his mother. "

II Kings 4:20 so saul took him and brought him to his mother. so she sat down at her knies until the middad, and he died.

II Kings 4:21 she went up and put him on the bed of the man of god, threw it up and went out.

II Kings 4:22 then she called her husband and said, " send one of the slaves and one of the esels, so i will run to the man of god and return back. "

II Kings 4:23 he asked, " why do you go to him today ? it is not a new new nor the sabbath. " she replied, " is peace. "

II Kings 4:24 then she gathered the eselin and said to her slave, " come and go. do not stop me to go, until i say to you. "

II Kings 4:25 so she went and went to the man of god to the mountain of karmel. when the man of god saw her from weast, he said to his servant gehazi, " look, there is the sunemite woman !

II Kings 4:26 get her out and tell her, ' may you be peace, or your husband or the child is peace ? ' " she replied, " well. "

II Kings 4:27 when she came to the man of god on the mountain, seized his feet. gehazi came to destroy her. but the man of god said, " let her away, because her life is hard, and the lord has hidden it from me and did not tell me it. "

II Kings 4:28 she replied, " have i asked a son from my lord ? should i not say, ' do not deceive me ? ' "

II Kings 4:29 then elisa said to gehasi, " put your heupe and take my staff in your hand and go. if you find anyone, do not give him thanks, and if anyone blesses you, do not repay him. put my staff on the face of the child. "

II Kings 4:30 but the mother of the child said, " so to the lord and so to your life i will not forgive you ! " so he stood up and followed her.

II Kings 4:31 gehazi went out before them and placed the staff on the face of the child, but there was no voice or heard. then gehazi returned to help him and reported him : " the boy was not raised ! "

II Kings 4:32 when elisa entered the house, look, the child was dead, lightened on his bed.

II Kings 4:33 so he went in and clow the door against them two, and prayed to the lord.

II Kings 4:34 then he went up and sat on the child, placed his mouth on his mouth, his eyes on his eyes, his hands on his hands, and his hands on his hands. when he turned on him, the body of the child was greatly distressed.

II Kings 4:35 so the boy returned and went in the house from each side and on the other side. then he went up and seized on the child. then the child opened seven times, and opened his eyes.

II Kings 4:36 then he called gehazi and said, " call the sunamitian. " when he came to him, he said, " take your son ! "

II Kings 4:37 then she went and fell at his feet, and worshiped to the ground. then she took his son and went out.

II Kings 4:38 when elisa returned to gilgal, there was famine in the land. while the prophets of the prophets were sitting before him, he said to his servant, " put the great pot and call something for the prophets. "

II Kings 4:39 then one went out to the field to gather grapes and found a vineyard in the field. he gathered from it a wild wheat full of his clothes, threw it into the pot of the topp, because they did not recognize it.

II Kings 4:40 so they ordered the men to eat. but when they were eating from it, they cried out, " death is in the topf, man of god ! " and they were not able to eat.

II Kings 4:41 then he said, " take fish ! " so he threw it into the pot. then he said, " give the people to eat. " and there was no evil thing in the pot.

II Kings 4:42 then a man came from bethsarisa and brought to the man of god twenty chosen loaves and ross. he said, " give the people to eat. "

II Kings 4:43 his servant asked, " what should i do this before a hundred man ? " he replied, " give the people to eat because the lord says this : they will eat and restare. "

II Kings 4:44 so they ate and left according to the lord ' s message.

II Kings 5:1 naaman, the ruler of the power of the lame of syria, was a great man before his master and faithful persons, because through him the lord had given the sirians salvation. he was a powerful man, but lead.

II Kings 5:2 when the syrians came out, they had brought a little wife from the land of israel, and she was before naaman ' s wife.

II Kings 5:3 she said to her master, " if my lord would be before the prophet who is in samaria, he could reject him from his leprosy. "

II Kings 5:4 so naaman went and reported this to his lord, saying, " this and what the young woman said from the land of israel. "

II Kings 5:5 the king of syria said, " go, get and i will send a letter to the king of israel. " so naaman went away and took up ten talents of silver, sex thousand gold, and ten clothing.

II Kings 5:6 then he brought the letter to the king of israel, saying, " now when this letter comes to you, look, i have sent my servant naaman to you to reject him from his leprosy. "

II Kings 5:7 when the king of israel learned the letter, he rissed his clothes and said, " am i god to kill and to live, since he sent a man to me to reject a man from his leprosy ? let you understand and see that he practices against me. "

II Kings 5:8 when the man of god of god heard that the king of israel had tore his clothes, he sent to the king saying, " why have you tore your clothes ? let him come to me, so he will know that there is a prophet in israel. "

II Kings 5:9 so naaman came with his loats and his wags and stood before the door of the house of elisa.

II Kings 5:10 then elisa sent a message to him, saying, " go and wash seven times in the jordan river, and your body will return back to you, and you will be clean. "

II Kings 5:11 but naaman became anger and went away and said, " look, i have said that he will go out to me and stand and invoke the name of the lord his god, and will put his hand on the place and reject the leprosy.

II Kings 5:12 is abana and parpar, the rivers of damascus, is not better than all the waters of israel ? should i go in them and be clean ? " so he turned and went away in anger.

II Kings 5:13 but his slaves came and said to him, " what the prophet has spoken to you, you should not do it ? and if he said to you, ' wash it, so you will be clean ! ' "

II Kings 5:14 so he went down and taught seven times in the jordan river, just as the man of god had said. and his body returned like the flesh of a little child, and he was clean.

II Kings 5:15 then he returned to the man of god with his entire crowd, came and stood before him and said, " look, now i know there there is no god throughout the earth, except in israel. so then, take the blessing from your servant. "

II Kings 5:16 but he replied, " so to the lord who am stand before him i will not accept ! " but he asked him to take him, but he did not refuse.

II Kings 5:17 then naaman said, " if you do not, let him give your slave only a home of muls, because your slave will not offer any longer offering or sacrifice to others, except to the lord.

II Kings 5:18 so may the lord forgive your servant, if my lord is entering the house of rimmon to worship, and he leads on my hand, and i worship in the house of rimmon, may the lord forgive your servant this reason. "

II Kings 5:19 elisa said to him, " go in peace. " when naaman went away from him,

II Kings 5:20 then gehazi, the servant of elizeus, the man of elisa, said, " my lord received this naaman the syrian, not to take anything from his hand what he had brought. so so as the lord lives i will run back after him and take anything from him. "

II Kings 5:21 so gehazi persecuted naaman. when naaman saw that he was walking after him, he went back from his waght to help him, and said, " is there ? "

II Kings 5:22 he replied, " it is peace ! my lord sent me to say, ' now two men from the prophets of the prophets have come to me from the mountain of ephraim. give them a talent silver and two clothing. ' "

II Kings 5:23 naaman said, " take two talents silver. " so he took them in two charges and two clothing, and gave them to his two servants, who brought them before him.

II Kings 5:24 when he came to the darkness, he took them from them and put them in the house. then he sent the men out.

II Kings 5:25 so he went and stood before his master. elizeus asked him, " where are you, gehasi ? " he replied, " your slave has not went along. "

II Kings 5:26 but elisa said to him, " did i not go with you when the man returned from his wagn to meet you ? is it now to receive silver, and now to take the clothes, olives, vineyard, sheep, sheep, slaves, slaves, slaves, slaves, and slaves ?

II Kings 5:27 then the leprosy of naaman will be seized to you and your descendant for ever. " so naaman went out of his presence, leprosed like a snow.

II Kings 6:1 the prophets ' s sons said to elizeus, " look, the place where we live before you is suffering for us.

II Kings 6:2 go to the jordan river and take each one of us to one banquet and make us there for ourselves to live there. " he said, " come. "

II Kings 6:3 then the one said, " eat with your slaves ! " he replied, " i will go. "

II Kings 6:4 so he went with them. when they came to the jordan, they threw the trees.

II Kings 6:5 when the one was throwing the dock, the iron water fell into the water. he cried out, " ah, my lord, it is possessed ! "

II Kings 6:6 the man of god asked, " where has he fallen ? " so he showed him the place. he made a tree, threw it down there, and the iron iron off.

II Kings 6:7 so he said, " get it up ! " so he extended his hand and took it.

II Kings 6:8 now the king of syria was to battle with israel. he consulted with his servants, saying, " in this place i will bound there. "

II Kings 6:9 but the man of the man sent to the king of israel to say, " beware that you should not pass through this place, because the syrians are secret there. "

II Kings 6:10 so the king of israel sent to the place where elisa had said to him, and he obeyed there, not only two, or two.

II Kings 6:11 then the king of syria was abandoned because of this, and he called his slaves and said to them, " do you not tell me who of the king of israel ? "

II Kings 6:12 then one of his servants said, " not, my lord the king, but the prophet elijah, who is in israel, proclaimed to the king of israel the words you speak in your cammer. "

II Kings 6:13 so he said, " come and see where he is ! i will send him to take him. " so they told him, " he is in dothaim. "

II Kings 6:14 so he sent loaves, waves, and great power. they came to night and obrounded the city.

II Kings 6:15 when the servant of elisa stood early up and went out, look, a crowd around with horses and wags went around the city. the servant said to him, " ach, lord, what should we do ? "

II Kings 6:16 he said, " do not be afraid, for those with us are more than those with them. "

II Kings 6:17 then elisa prayed, " lord, open his eyes to see. " so the lord opened the child ' s eyes, so that he saw. then the lord opened the child ' s eyes, and he saw that the mountain was full of fiers and wagners around elizée.

II Kings 6:18 when they came down to him, elisa prayed to the lord and said, " put this man with blameless ! " so he struck them up according to the message of elisa.

II Kings 6:19 but elisa said to them, " this is not the way and not this way. follow me, so i will bring you back to the man you look for. " so he led them to samaria.

II Kings 6:20 now when they came to samaria, elizeus said, " lord, open their eyes to see. " so the lord opened their eyes, and they saw that they were in the middle of samaria.

II Kings 6:21 when the king of israel saw them, the king of israel said, " i will strike, my father ? "

II Kings 6:22 he replied, " do not strike. are you going to strike those you have captived with your sword and with your bound ? put bread and water before them, so that they may eat and drink, and let them go to their master. "

II Kings 6:23 so he gave a great banquet for them, and when they ate and drinking, he sent them away, and they went to their master. ( now the syrians of the syria did not mere come to the land of israel.

II Kings 6:24 after this ben-hadad, the king of syria, rached all his lame, and went up and bellayed samaria.

II Kings 6:25 there was a great famine in samaria. they assembled it until a eselin ' s head became fifty silver, and a fourth of a dube duif of doves for five silver coins.

II Kings 6:26 when the king of israel was passing by the muur, a woman shouted out to him, " save, my lord and king ! "

II Kings 6:27 he said, " if the lord does not save you, where should i save you ? from the dresser or from the winepress ? "

II Kings 6:28 the king asked her, " what do you have ? " she replied, " this woman said to me, ' give your son to eat him today, and tomorrow we will eat my son. ' "

II Kings 6:29 then we kept my son and ate him. the second day i said to her, ' give your son to eat. ' but she hid her son. "

II Kings 6:30 when the king heard the words of the woman, he tore his clothes, passing through the muur, and the people saw that it was a sack sack on his flesh.

II Kings 6:31 and he said, " god may make this way to me and now more, if elijah ' s son, son of saphat, would stand on him today ! "

II Kings 6:32 now elisa was sitting in his house, and the elders were sitting with him. he sent a man before he came to him. but before the angel came to him, he said to the elders, " you know that this murderer has sent a man to take my head ? see, whenever the angel comes, stop the door and stop him down by the door. is not the voice of his lord ' s feet ? "

II Kings 6:33 while he was still speaking with them, a angel came down to him and said, " look, this evil thing is from the lord. why should i remain for the lord ? "

II Kings 7:1 but elisa said, " listen the word of the lord ! this time is tomorrow, a measure of fish for a sicl and two sea gerse for a sicl for a sicl.

II Kings 7:2 the officer on whom the king stood on his hand answered the man, " look, if the lord had done vensters in heaven, could this way happen ? " he said, " you will see it with your eyes, but you will never eat from there. "

II Kings 7:3 at the door of the city were there were four leprosy. they said to each other, " why do we sit here until we live ?

II Kings 7:4 if we say, ' let us enter the city, ' there is famine in the city, and we will live there. if we sit here, we will be dead. now come, let us fall into the leading of the sirians. if they allow us to life, we will live. "

II Kings 7:5 so they stood up in the darkness to go into the camp of the sirians. when they came to the other side of the camp of syria, there there was no one.

II Kings 7:6 for the lord had heard the lame of syria a voice of wags, the round of hors, the voice of a great power, and they said to each other, " look, the king of israel has leaded against us the kings of the hetitans and the rulers of egypt to come against us. "

II Kings 7:7 so they stood up and departed in the darkness, forgave their tents, their horses, their esels, the lead, as it was, and fug to save for their life.

II Kings 7:8 when these leprosy came to the other side of the camp, they entered one tent, ate and drinking, and took away silver, gold, and clothing, and went back. then they returned and went into another tent and took away from there and went away and taken it.

II Kings 7:9 then they said to each other, " we do not do so. this day is a day of good news, but we are still silent. if we remain until the morning, we will find lawlessness. now come, let us go and tell it to the palace of the king ! "

II Kings 7:10 so they came and cried out to the city of the city, and revealed to them, " we went into the camp of the sirians, and there there was no one nor heard a human voice, except horses bound and eselin, and their tents were like they were. "

II Kings 7:11 the door of the door shouted out and reported it in the palace of the king.

II Kings 7:12 then the king stood in the night and said to his servants, " i will tell you what the syrians have done for us. they know that we are hungry. so they went out of the camp and flowed in the field, saying, ' whenever they come out of the city, we will take them living and enter the city. "

II Kings 7:13 then one of his servants answered, " let we take up five of the resting horses that lives here. look, they are like the entire group of israel that have been destroyed. we will send them there and we will see it. "

II Kings 7:14 so they took two flashes of hors, and the king sent them to follow the king of syria, saying, " come and see. "

II Kings 7:15 so they followed them until the jordan river. the whole way was full of clothing and clothing that the syrians had thrown in their wear. so the messengers returned and reported it to the king.

II Kings 7:16 then the people went out and destroyed the camp of the sirians, and there was a measure of fish for a sicl and two sea horse for a sicl, according to the word of the lord.

II Kings 7:17 the king had put the officer on his hand at the city. but the people tramped him in the poor and he died, just as the man of god had spoken when the angel came down to him.

II Kings 7:18 for just as the man of god said to the king, he said, " tomorrow weast of flow for a sicl and a measure of flour for a sicl. "

II Kings 7:19 the officer answered the man, " if the lord may make vinsters in heaven, could this way happen ? " he replied, " you will see with your eyes, but you will never eat from there. "

II Kings 7:20 so he happened, and the people suffered him in the poor, and he died.

II Kings 8:1 elisa said to the woman who had made the son to life, saying, " get up and go, you and your household, and stay as fremd where you live, for the lord has called a famine, and it will come to the land for seven years. "

II Kings 8:2 then the woman stood and made what the man of god had said. she went with her family and remained in the land of the filistijs for seven years.

II Kings 8:3 after the seven years had completed, the woman returned from the land of the philistins and went to ask the king for her house and her land.

II Kings 8:4 now the king was speaking with gehazi, the servant of the man of god, saying, " tell me all the great things elisa has done ! "

II Kings 8:5 now as he reported to the king how he had made the dead leave, the woman whose son he had made alive, she shouted out to the king for her own home and her field. gehazi said, " my lord and king, this is the woman and this is her son whom elizée has lealed. "

II Kings 8:6 then the king asked the woman and she reported it to her. then the king gave her one eunuch, saying, " repay her everything she possessed, and all the fruit of her field from the day she left the land until now. "

II Kings 8:7 then elisa went to damascus. now ben-hadad, the king of syria, was sick. when they reported him, " the man of god has come here. "

II Kings 8:8 then the king said to hazael, " take a gift in your hand and go to help the man of god, and ask through him the lord, saying, ' i will be living from this sick ? "

II Kings 8:9 so hazael went out to incontro him, and he took a offering in his hand with all the goods of damascus, firty camels. he came and stood before him and said, " your son ben-hadad the king of syria sent me to you to say, ' i will be saved from this sick ? ' "

II Kings 8:10 but he said, " come and tell him, you will live. but the lord showed me that you must be put to death. "

II Kings 8:11 so he turned his face to him until he was confused. then the man of god weeped.

II Kings 8:12 then hazael said, " why is my lord weeping ? " he replied, " because i know what you will do for the people of israel : you will put out their foundation in fire, you will kill their little children by the sword, will destroy their little children, and will destroy their pregnants. "

II Kings 8:13 hazael said, " what is your servant, the dead hond to do this way ? " elisa replied, " the lord has shown me that you will be king of syrian. "

II Kings 8:14 so he went away from elisa and went to his master. he asked his master, " what did elizeus tell you ? " he replied, " he told me that you will live. "

II Kings 8:15 the next day he took the scroll, taught it in water and put it on his face, so that he died. so hazael reigned in his place.

II Kings 8:16 in the fifth time of joram, the son of achab, the king of israel, joram, the son of josafat, the king of judah.

II Kings 8:17 he was to thirty and two years when he became king, and he reigned a eight years in jerusalem.

II Kings 8:18 he went in the way of the kings of israel just as ahab ' s house had done, because a daughter of ahab was his wife, and he did what was evil in the eyes of the lord.

II Kings 8:19 but the lord would not destroy judah because of his servant david, just as he had promised to give him and his sons a lamp for all time.

II Kings 8:20 in his days the edom rebelled from the hand of judah and made a king over themselves.

II Kings 8:21 so joram went up with all his wagers as well. when he got up, he sconght the edomites who had assembled him, and the commanding officers.

II Kings 8:22 so the edomians rebelled from the hand of judah to this day. in that time libna rebelled against them.

II Kings 8:23 what of rest of joram and everything he made, is opteed in the letter of the cronies of the kings of judah ?

II Kings 8:24 so joram died to jamp with his ancestors, and he was buried with his ancestors in the city of david. his son ahazia blev reign in his place.

II Kings 8:25 in joram, the son of achab, the king of israel, ahazia, the son of joram, was king of joram.

II Kings 8:26 ahazia was twenty-two years when he became king, and he reigned a year in jerusalem. his mother was atalja, a daughter of omri, king of israel.

II Kings 8:27 he went on the way of the house of achab and did what was evil in the eyes of the lord, just as the house of achab.

II Kings 8:28 he went with joram, the son of ahab, to combation against hazael, the king of the philister, in ramoth in gilead. but the syrians slow joram.

II Kings 8:29 so the king joram returned to jizreel to be healed in jizreel from the plagues they had placed him at ramoth when he streated with hazael the king of syria. now joram, the son of joram, the son of joram, went down to see joram the son of achab in jizreel, because he was sick.

II Kings 9:1 then the prophet elisa called one of the prophets and said to him, " put your heads and take this bash of olive oil in your hand and go to ramoth in gilead.

II Kings 9:2 when you enter there, look at jehu, son of jehoshafat, son of nimsi. enter and remove him from the middle of his brothers and bring him into the cammer in the cammer.

II Kings 9:3 then take the clock of olive oil and giew it on his head and say, ' so says the lord, ' i anointed you as king over israel. ' then open the door, and flee, and do not remain. "

II Kings 9:4 so the new man of the prophet went to ramoth in gilead.

II Kings 9:5 when he came, the officers of the power sitting there. he said, " i have a message to you, ruling officer. " jehu asked, " to which of us all ? " he replied, " to you, ruling ruler ! "

II Kings 9:6 so he got up and went into the house. then the man poured out the mount on his head and said to him, " so says the lord god of israel, ' i anointed you as king over the people of the lord, over israel.

II Kings 9:7 so you will destroy the house of achab your lord, so that i will punish the blood of my servants the prophets and the blood of all the servants of the lord from jezabel.

II Kings 9:8 and the whole family of ahab will be destroyed, and i will destroy from israel every man who lives to wall, both a lame or the devout in israel.

II Kings 9:9 and i will make ahab ' s house like the house of jeroboam, the son of nebat, and like the house of baesa, the son of ahija.

II Kings 9:10 the hungs will eat jezabel in the field of jizreel, and there will be no one to burie him. " then he opened the door and flowed.

II Kings 9:11 when jehu went out to his master ' s slaves, they asked him, " is it peace ? why then this godle man has come to you ? " he replied, " you know the man and his accusation. "

II Kings 9:12 they replied, " it is unrighteous. tell us it ! " he replied, " this and this he said to me, ' so says the lord, ' i anointed you as king over israel. ' "

II Kings 9:13 then each one took his clothes and put it under him on the street of the streets. then they blow the trumpet and said, " jehu is reigned ! "

II Kings 9:14 so jehu the son of jehoshafat, the son of nimsi, became contempt against joram. joram and all the israelitans tried to ramoth in gilead for hasael, king of syria.

II Kings 9:15 but the king joram was returned to jezreel to be healed in jizreel from the plagues the syrians had placed him when he streated with hazael the king of syria. then jehu said, " if you are with me, let no one go away from the city so that he may go to report it in jizreel. "

II Kings 9:16 so jehu went on and went to jizreel, because joram was healed to joram. now joram, the king of judah, had come down to see joram.

II Kings 9:17 now when the officer stood on the torn in jizreel saw the stof of jehu coming and said, " i see a call. " then joram said, " take a guard and send them out to say, ' is peace ? "

II Kings 9:18 the ruler went out to help him and said, " the king says, ' is peace ? ' " jehu replied, " what is you to do with peace ? return after me ! " the officers reported that the angel came to them, but did not return. "

II Kings 9:19 then he sent a second collector. when he came to them, he asked them, " the king says, ' is peace ? ' jehu replied, " what is you to do peace ? follow me. "

II Kings 9:20 the officers reported and said, " he has come to them, but does not return. and the one who gathers jehu the son of nimsi is a transgression. "

II Kings 9:21 then joram said, " gather out ! " so they gathered his waght. so joram, the king of israel, and ahazia the king of judah went out, each on his wagn. they went out to rencontre jehu, and found him in the stup of naboth the jezreelita.

II Kings 9:22 when joram saw jehu, he asked, " is it peace, jehu ? " he replied, " what peace is there while your mother jezabel ' s sexual immorality and her many magiracles ? "

II Kings 9:23 so joram turned his hands and flowed, and he said to ahazia, " false, ahazja ! "

II Kings 9:24 but jehu threw his bound with his bound and struck joram among his arms, so that the pig came out through his heart, and he fell on his ground.

II Kings 9:25 then jehu said to his officer bidkar, " take him and throw him on the field of naboth the jezreelity, because you remember that when i and you were seated after his father ahab, the lord said this last against him :

II Kings 9:26 " i have seen both the blood of naboth and the blood of his sons, says the lord, and i will repay you this mark, says the lord. ' then take him and throw him into this stup, according to the word of the lord. "

II Kings 9:27 now when ahazih, the king of judah, saw this, he flowed through the road of the city. but jehu followed him and said, " take him too ! " so they struck him on the wagn of gur, that is by jibleam. he flowed to megiddo and died there.

II Kings 9:28 so his servants passed him to jerusalem and buried him in his tomb, his sons, in the city of david.

II Kings 9:29 ahazias became king over judah in the elf years of joram, son of ahaz.

II Kings 9:30 so jehu came to jezreel. when jezabel heard this, she stoned her eyes, stoned her head and looked out by the venster.

II Kings 9:31 now when jehú entered the city, she asked, " is peace, zimri, who murdered his master ? "

II Kings 9:32 he looked up to the venster and said, " who is with me ? who ? " two eunuchs looked down to him.

II Kings 9:33 he said, " throw her down ! " so they rolled her away, and her blood rushed up the wall and the horses, and they trampped her.

II Kings 9:34 so jehu went in and ate and drinking. then he said, " look at this cursed and buried it, because she is a daughter of king ! "

II Kings 9:35 but they went to shore her, but they found no other of her than the hoofdel, the feet, and the flashes of hands.

II Kings 9:36 when they returned and reported this to him, he said, " this is what the lord spoke through his servant elijah the tisbiet, saying, ' in the stup of jizreel the hungs will eat the flesh of jezabel.

II Kings 9:37 and the body of jezabel will become like a grow on the field of jizreel, so that no one will say, ' this is jezabel ! "

II Kings 10:1 now achab had seventy-two sons in samaria. jehu wrote letters and sent them to samaria, to the rulers of samaria, to the elders, and to the officiers of ahab, saying,

II Kings 10:2 " whenever this scroll comes to you, with you are the sons of your lord, you have wags and horses and beautiful town with you,

II Kings 10:3 then see the good and greater of the sons of your lord and put him on his father ' s throne, and make battle for your master ' s house. "

II Kings 10:4 but they were greatly afraid and said, " look, the two kings did not stand before him. how can we stand ? "

II Kings 10:5 the governor of the house, the governor of the city, the elders, and the opportors sent to jehu, " we are your servants, and we will do whatever you say to us. we will not reign anyone over. do what you will be good for your eyes. "

II Kings 10:6 then david wrote a second scroll to them and said, " if you are my and listen to my voice, take the household of the men of your lord and bring them to me tomorrow at this very hour to me to jizreel. " the sons of the king, seventy-two men, were among the rulers of the city, who were throwing them out.

II Kings 10:7 when the letter came to them, they took the sons of the king and killed them, seventy-two men, and put their heads in cloets and sent them to him to jizreel.

II Kings 10:8 when the angel came and reported it, saying, " they have brought the heads of the son of the king. " he said, " put them in two howns by the door of the city until the morning. "

II Kings 10:9 the morning he went out and stood and said to the whole people, " you are righteous. look, i have contempted against my lord and killed him. but who has killed all these people ?

II Kings 10:10 realizate that nothing of the things of the lord will fall into the earth that the lord has spoken about the house of achab. the lord has done what he spoke through his servant elijah. "

II Kings 10:11 so jehu died all who had left of ahab ' s house in jizreel, all his rulers, his knowledge, and his priests, so that he did no rest of him.

II Kings 10:12 so he got up and went to samaria. as he was on the road at bet-eked of the herders,

II Kings 10:13 jehu found the brothers of ahazia the king of judah and asked, " who are you ? " they replied, " we are the brothers of ahazja, and we went down to peace the sons of the king and the sons of the child. "

II Kings 10:14 then he said, " take them living ! " so they greated them leave and killed them in the city of bet-eked, four and two men. he did not left one of them.

II Kings 10:15 when he went from there he found jonadab the son of rechab in the way to help him. he blessed him and asked him, " is your heart just as my heart is with your heart ? " jonadab replied, " is. " then jehu said, " if it is, give your hand. " so jehu gave his hand and brought him up to himself in the wagn.

II Kings 10:16 and said, " come with me and see my joy for the lord. " so they sat him at his wadow.

II Kings 10:17 when he entered samaria, he died all who had left the son of achab in samaria, until he had divided him, according to what the lord had spoken to elijah.

II Kings 10:18 then jehu gathered all the people and said to them, " achab has served a little service to baal, but jehu will serve him many things.

II Kings 10:19 so then call out to me all the prophets of baal, all his servants, and all his priests. let no one remain, because i have a great sacrifice to baal. everyone who rejects will live. " but jehu did this with a confusion to destroy the servants of baal.

II Kings 10:20 then jehu said, " make holy temple to baal. " so they preached.

II Kings 10:21 then jehu sent a message in all israel, saying, " now all the servants of baal and all his priests and all his prophets may never left, because i am offering a great sacrifice. the one who has left will live. " so all the servants of baal and all his priests and all his prophets came into the temple of baal.

II Kings 10:22 then he said to the one who had the clothing, " bring the clothes out for all the servants of baal. " so he brought them the clothing.

II Kings 10:23 so jehu and jonadab, the son of rechab, went into the temple of baal and said to the servants of baal, " look and see that there is no one of the servants of the lord, but only the servants of baal. "

II Kings 10:24 so they went to offering sacrifices and brances. but jehu had made outside eighty-fourty man outside and said, " if anyone will escape one of the men i am brought into your hands, his life will be for his life. "

II Kings 10:25 when they had finished the sacrifice of the holocausts, jehu said to the officers and officers, " enter and strike them ! let no one get out ! " so they threw them by the sword, and the officers and officers throwed them down. then they went to the city of the temple of baal.

II Kings 10:26 they brought out the statues of the temple of baal and burdered it.

II Kings 10:27 they destroyed the temple of baal and destroyed the temple of baal, and put it in a scroll, which is to this day.

II Kings 10:28 so jehu divided baal from israel.

II Kings 10:29 but from the sins of jeroboams, the son of nebat, who had made israel to sin, from the golden kalviers that were in bethel and in dan.

II Kings 10:30 then the lord said to jehu, " because you have contempt to do what is right before me, and you have done everything that was in my heart you have done for ahab ' s house, your sons will sit on the throne of israel for the fourth time. "

II Kings 10:31 but jehu did not obey the law of the lord god of israel with all his heart. he did not leave the sins of jeroboams, who had saatned israel to sin.

II Kings 10:32 in those days the lord began to destroy israel, and hazael struck them throughout all the region of israel.

II Kings 10:33 from the jordan river, on the east of the sun, all the land of gilead, the gadites, the rubenians, and the manassies, from aroer, that is on the river of arnon, and gilead and basan.

II Kings 10:34 what of rest of jehu, everything he made, all his power, is opteed in the letter of the cronicas of the kings of israel ?

II Kings 10:35 so jehu dechil with his ancestors, and he entered him in samaria. his son joahaz became king in his place.

II Kings 10:36 now the time jehu reigned over israel in samaria was twenty-eight years.

II Kings 11:1 when atalja, the mother of ahazih, saw that her son was dead, she died all the kingdom of the kingdom.

II Kings 11:2 but jošeba, daughter of king joram, sister of ahazja, took his son joash, son of ahazja, and seized him from among the sons of the king who were killed, and she washed him away from athalia so that he could not be killed.

II Kings 11:3 so at sex years he was secret with them in the temple of the lord. athalia reigned on the earth.

II Kings 11:4 in the seventh year jojada sent some officers of the officers and living officers and brought them to him in the temple of the lord. he made a covenant with them and swear them in the temple of the lord. then he showed them the son of the king.

II Kings 11:5 then he commanded them, " this is what you should do : a third of you who inters on the sabbath must guard the palace of the king,

II Kings 11:6 a third of them must be on the door of the road, and a third of the city guard after the officers. so you will guard the guard of the house.

II Kings 11:7 and the two hands among you, all those who come out on the sabbath, will guard the service of the house of the lord.

II Kings 11:8 you will around the king around all of them, each one with his wapens in his hand, and whoever comes into the clothing must be put to death. ' you must be with the king whenever he go or come. "

II Kings 11:9 the centurions did what yojada the wise had commanded. each one took his husbands, with those who went out on the sabbath, with those who went out on the sabbath, and went to the priest joiada.

II Kings 11:10 then the priest gave the centurions the spies and the spies that had given to king david and who were in the house of the lord.

II Kings 11:11 the officers stood, each one with his wadow in his hand, from the right side of the temple to the left of the temple, around the altar and the temple.

II Kings 11:12 then he sent the son of the king and placed the scroll on him and gave him the testimony, and they anointed him to king and anointed him. they placed out with his hand and shouted, " let the king live ! "

II Kings 11:13 when athalia heard the voice of the solders and the people, she went to the people in the temple of the lord.

II Kings 11:14 she looked, and look, the king stood on the pill according to the instruction. the guards and the trumpet stood before the king. all the people of the earth were glad and trumpet on the trumpet. then athalia tore her clothes and cried out, " conflict ! conflict ! "

II Kings 11:15 but the priest joiada gave this order to the centurions, the officions of the power, and said to them, " bring her out out of the rocks, and whoever follow her must be killed by the sword. " for the priest had said, " she should not be killed in the house of the lord.

II Kings 11:16 so they placed his hands on her, and she went in the city ' s house by the way of the heads, and she died there.

II Kings 11:17 so joiada made a covenant among the lord and the king and the people to become the people of the lord. so he also made a covenant among the lord and the people.

II Kings 11:18 then all the people of the land went into the temple of baal and destroyed it. they broke down its altars and idols, and killed matthan the priest of baal in the presence of the altars. then the priest placed officials over the temple of the lord.

II Kings 11:19 he took the centurions, the living officials, the living officers, and all the people of the earth, and they brought the king down from the house of the lord and went in the palace of the city of the officers, and he sat on the throne of the kings.

II Kings 11:20 then all the people of the earth were glad and the city was required. athalia they had killed with the sword in the palace of the king.

II Kings 11:21 joas was seven years years when he became king.

II Kings 12:1 joas was reigned in the seventh regierungsjahr of jehú, when he became king, and he reigned firty years in jerusalem. his mother was the name of sibja from beerseba.

II Kings 12:2 joash did what was right in the presence of the lord always as long as the priest joiada had brought him.

II Kings 12:3 the offerings were not rejected, but the people continued to offer and offering incense on the high ground.

II Kings 12:4 joash said to the priests, " all the money of the sanctuary that offered in the temple of the temple of the temple to the temple of the temple of the temple to bring in the temple of the lord,

II Kings 12:5 the priests should remove for themselves, each one of their possessions, and they will remove the rapportation of the temple in every place where they will be found rapportation. "

II Kings 12:6 in the thirty and thirth years of king joash the priests did not reveat the rapportation of the house.

II Kings 12:7 joash, the king, called the priest joiada and the priests and said to them, " why do you not resting the rapportation of the house ? therefore do not take anything from your deeds, but give it for the rapportion of the house. "

II Kings 12:8 thus the priests are in order that they would not take anything from the people, so that they would not strengthen the breuqus of the house.

II Kings 12:9 yojada, the priest, took one ark and put a stone on its sand and put it along by the side of the temple of the temple of the temple, and the priests who were guarding the wall gave all the money that was found in the temple of the lord.

II Kings 12:10 when they saw that there was a great money in the ark, the expert in the law and the high priest went up, and they gathered the silver coins that was found in the temple of the lord.

II Kings 12:11 they gave the money that had been prepared in the hand of those who practiced the works of the temple of the lord, and they gave it to the timbers of the trees and the builders who practiced the temple of the temple,

II Kings 12:12 as well as the murderers and the mucks of the stones to creature of tree and stone stones to revead the rapportation of the temple of the lord, and for everything that was opported for the house to reforce it.

II Kings 12:13 from the silver coins that was brought into the temple of the lord were not proclaimed for the temple of the lord for the temple of the temple.

II Kings 12:14 it is doing that they give it to those who practiced the work, and they strengthened the temple of the lord.

II Kings 12:15 they are not proclaimed with the people to whom they were permitted to give those who were doing the works, because they were practicing by faith.

II Kings 12:16 the money of money for sin and the money of transgression was not brought into the temple of the lord, but it was for the priests.

II Kings 12:17 at that time hazael, king of syria, went up and bathered against gat and pushed it. then hazael intended to go against jerusalem.

II Kings 12:18 joash, the king of judah, took all the holy things that his ancestors, jehoshafat, joram, and ahazia, his ancestors, the kings of judah, and all the gold that was found in the treasures of the temple of the lord and on the palace of the king, and sent it to hazael the king of syria. so he went away from jerusalem.

II Kings 12:19 the rest of the crykh of joas and everything he made, is opteed in the letter of the cronicas of the kings of judah ?

II Kings 12:20 when his slaves stood up, his slaves stood up and gathered together, and they struck joas in the house of millo by gaza.

II Kings 12:21 jezakar, the son of jamla, and jezebad the son of somer, his servants, killed him, so that he died. and they buried him with his ancestors in the city of david. his son amasija blev reigned in his place.

II Kings 13:1 in joash ' s son joash, the son of ahazia, king of judah, joahaz the son of jehu reigned in samaria and reigned sifteen years.

II Kings 13:2 he was doing what was evil in the eyes of the lord and followed the sins of jeroboam, the son of nebat, who had pastened israel to sin, and he did not leave them.

II Kings 13:3 so the anger of the lord flamed against israel, and he gave them in the hand of hazael, king of syrian, and in the hand of ben-hadad the son of hazael always.

II Kings 13:4 but joahaz prayed to the lord, and the lord heard him, because he saw the suffering of israel that the king of aram afflicted them.

II Kings 13:5 so the lord gave a savior to israel, and they went out of the hand of the syrians. so the israelites sat in their tents as before.

II Kings 13:6 yet they were not abandoned from the sins of the house of jeroboam, who had saatded israel to sin, but wanted in them, and the asherah restayed in samaria.

II Kings 13:7 for joahaz was not left a people except fifty ruiters, ten waves, and ten thousand foods, for the king of syria destroyed them and made them as stof to suffer.

II Kings 13:8 what is remained of joahaz, everything he has done, and his power is not written of the cronice of the kings of israel ?

II Kings 13:9 now joahaz went to jamp with his ancestors, and he entered him in samaria. and his son joash blev reign in his place.

II Kings 13:10 in joas ' king ' s thirty-seventh years, the son of joahaz, began to reign over israel in samaria, and he reigned seventy years.

II Kings 13:11 he was doing what was evil in the eyes of the lord. he did not leave all the sins of jeroboam, the son of nebat, who had saatded israel to sin, but went in them.

II Kings 13:12 what of rest of joas and everything he made, and his power, as he against amazja king of judah, is opteed in the letter of the cronicas of the kings of israel ?

II Kings 13:13 so joas died to jamp with his ancestors, and jeroboam sat on his throne. joas was died in samaria with the rulers of israel.

II Kings 13:14 now when elizeus was sick, he was sick. then joas, the king of israel, went down to him, wept down before him and said, " my father, father ! the wadow of israel and his ruths ! "

II Kings 13:15 then elijah said to him, " take a bound and pigs. " so he took a bound and pigs.

II Kings 13:16 then the king of the son said to the king of israel, " put your hand on the bound ! " then elisa placed his hands on the king ' s hands.

II Kings 13:17 then he said, " open the fenests on the east ! " he opened it. he said, " bow ! " so he struck. he said, " the pill of salvation is to the lord and a pill of salvation to the syrian. you will strike the syrians in afek to finish. "

II Kings 13:18 then he said, " take the bocks ! " so he took it. then he said to the king of israel, " strick on the ground ! " so he struck three times and stood.

II Kings 13:19 then the man of god was distressed against him and said, " you would have killed five or six times, then you would have killed the sirians until you have been completed. but now you will strike the sirians three times. "

II Kings 13:20 then elisa died and buried him. now when the year came, the moabites of moab came to the land.

II Kings 13:21 while they were entering a man, they saw the money, and they thrown the man in elizan ' s tomb. when the man came and touched elijah ' s ben, he became alive and stood on his feet.

II Kings 13:22 now hazael, the son of judah, afflicted israel in all the time of joahaz.

II Kings 13:23 but the lord was mercy to them and showed mercy on them and turned to them because of his covenant with abraham, isaac, and jacob. he did not want them to destruck, and he did not throw them away from his presence.

II Kings 13:24 now hazael, the king of aram, died, and his son ben-hadad reigned in his place.

II Kings 13:25 then joash, the son of joahaz, remove the towns from ben-hadad ' s son ben-hadad, which he had taken from his father joahaz in the battle. joas struck three times him and revealed the cities of israel.

II Kings 14:1 in the second anno of joahas, son of joahaz, king of israel, amazja, the son of joash, king of judah.

II Kings 14:2 he was twenty-five years when he became king, and he reigned twenty-nive years in jerusalem. his mother was named jehoaddan and was from jerusalem.

II Kings 14:3 he was doing what was right in the eyes of the lord, but not like his father david. he did what his father joash had done.

II Kings 14:4 nevertheless the offerings was not destroyed, but the people continued to sacrifice and offering incense on the high places.

II Kings 14:5 when the kingdom was strengthened in his hand, he struck some of his servants who had killed his father the king.

II Kings 14:6 but he did not kill the sons of those who had killed, just as it is written in the book of moses ' law, which the lord commanded : " the ancestors must not death for the children or sons for the sake of the ancestors, but each must be killed for his sin. "

II Kings 14:7 he slamped ten thousand of edom in the sover of sall, and he seized peter in the battle and called it jokteel, who is to this day.

II Kings 14:8 then amasja sent messengers to joash, son of joahaz, son of jehu, the king of israel, saying, " come, let us show us ! "

II Kings 14:9 but joas, the king of israel, sent amazja the king of judah to say, " the ceast that is in the liban sent a message to the cedron in the liban, saying, ' give your daughter to my son as a wife. ' but the wild beast from the liban went through and suffered the seed.

II Kings 14:10 you have killed the edomites, and your heart has completed you. glorify yourself and live in your house. why do you strike in your evil deeds, so that you may fall down, you and judah with you ? "

II Kings 14:11 but amazja did not listen. so joas, the king of israel, went up, and he and amazja, king of judah, appeared in bethsemes in judah.

II Kings 14:12 the people of judah were killed before israel, and each one flowed to his home.

II Kings 14:13 joash, the king of israel, took up amasja the king of judah, the son of joash, son of ahazih, in bethsemes. then he went to jerusalem and destroyed the muur of jerusalem from the poor of ephraim until the parents of the parents, four hundred years.

II Kings 14:14 he took all the gold and silver and all the powers found in the temple of the lord and in the treasurs of the palast on the courts of the king. so he returned to samaria.

II Kings 14:15 what of rest of joas and his power, and how he peleed with amazja the king of judah, is opteed in the letter of the cronicas of the kings of israel ?

II Kings 14:16 then joas dechil with his ancestors, and he was buried in samaria with the kings of israel. his son jeroboam blev reign in his place.

II Kings 14:17 amazja, the son of joash, king of judah, vive years after the death of joash, son of joahaz, king of israel.

II Kings 14:18 what of rest of amazja is not written of the cronice of the kings of judah ?

II Kings 14:19 there were a conspiration against him in jerusalem, and he fued to lachis. but they sent a message to lachis and killed him there.

II Kings 14:20 then they brought him on hors and buried him in jerusalem with his ancestors in the city of david.

II Kings 14:21 then all the people of judah took azarja, who was a son of seventh years, and made him king in the place of his father amasja.

II Kings 14:22 he built eloth and rejected it to judah after the king had died to himself to his ancestors.

II Kings 14:23 in the fifty years of amazja, the son of joash, king of judah, jeroboams, the son of joash, became king of israel in samaria, and he reigned for forty-een years.

II Kings 14:24 he was doing what was evil in the eyes of the lord. he did not leave all the sins of jerobeam, the son of nebat, who had pastened israel to sin.

II Kings 14:25 he rejected the region of israel from the way to hamath to the sea of the araba, according to what the lord god of israel had spoken through his servant jonah, the son of amittai, the prophet from gath-hefer.

II Kings 14:26 for the lord saw that the affliction of israel was very bitter, and there was no little or destroyed, and there was no one who help israel.

II Kings 14:27 but the lord did not speak to destroy the descendant of israel from under heaven. so he saved them by jeroboam, son of joas.

II Kings 14:28 what of rest of jeroboams, everything he made, his power, as he peleed, and how he returned the damascus and hamath to israel, is they opteed in the letter of the cronicas of the kings of israel ?

II Kings 14:29 so jeroboam died to springe with his ancestors, the kings of israel. and his son zechariah blev reign in his place.

II Kings 15:1 in the thirty-seventh regierungsjahr of jeroboam, the king of israel, azarja, the son of amasja, king of judah.

II Kings 15:2 he was sixth years when he became along, and he reigned fifty and two years in jerusalem. his mother was jekolia, from jerusalem.

II Kings 15:3 he was doing what was right before the lord, just as his father amazja had done.

II Kings 15:4 nevertheless the high offeres had not taken away, the people continued to sacrifice and offering incense on the high places.

II Kings 15:5 so the lord touched the king, and he was dead until his death, and he remained in a healed. but jotham the son of the king was over the palace of the house and judged the people of the earth.

II Kings 15:6 what of rest is repraid of azarja, and everything he made, is opteed in the letter of the cronies of the kings of judah ?

II Kings 15:7 so azarias got to jamp with his ancestors, and he buried him with his ancestors in the city of david. his son jotham blev king in his place.

II Kings 15:8 in the thirty-eighth years of judah, zechariah the son of jeroboam became king over israel in samaria, and he reigned for sex months.

II Kings 15:9 he was doing what was evil in the eyes of the lord, just as his ancestors had done. he did not leave the sins of jeroboams, who had saatned israel to sin.

II Kings 15:10 shallum, the son of jabesh, conspirited against him and struck him in the country, and killed him and reigned in his place.

II Kings 15:11 what is remained of zechariah, look, it is written in the cronic of the kings of israel.

II Kings 15:12 this is the word that the lord said to jehu, " your sons will sit a fourth son on the throne of israel. " and it happened.

II Kings 15:13 sallum the son of jabes reigned in the thirty-nifth of azarjah, king of judah, and he reigned a month time in samaria.

II Kings 15:14 then menahem, the son of gadi, went up from tirsa and came to samaria and struck sallum the son of jabes in samaria and killed him in the city.

II Kings 15:15 what is remains of sallum and his control that he condemned, look, they are written in the cronice of the kings of israel.

II Kings 15:16 then menahem struck to tirtsa and everything that was in it and its territory from tirsa because they did not open it. he struck it and destroyed her women who were pregnant.

II Kings 15:17 in the thirty-nifth of azarjah, the king of judah, menahem, the son of gadi, became king over israel, and he reigned ten years in samaria.

II Kings 15:18 he was doing what was evil in the eyes of the lord. he did not leave all the sins of jeroboam, the son of nebat, who had pastened israel to sin.

II Kings 15:19 phoul, king of assyrien, went up to the land. menahem gave to phul a thousand talents of silver, so that his power would be with him.

II Kings 15:20 then menahem rejected the money in israel, to give the king of assyrie fifty silver coins for each one. so the king of assyrie returned and did not remain there in the land.

II Kings 15:21 what of rest remains of menahem, everything he has done, is opteed in the letter of the cronicas of the kings of israel ?

II Kings 15:22 then menahem died to springe with his ancestors, and his son pekachias became king in his place.

II Kings 15:23 in the fifty years of judah, pekachias, the son of menahem, reigned over israel in samaria, and he reigned two years.

II Kings 15:24 he was doing what was evil in the eyes of the lord. he did not leave the sins of jerobeam, the son of nebat, who had pastened israel to sin.

II Kings 15:25 then pekah, son of remalia, his adjudant, rebelled against him and struck him in samaria, in the palace of the palace of the king, with argob and ariah, and with him were fifty of fifty people of the galaaditians. he killed him and reigned in his place.

II Kings 15:26 what is remained of pekachiah, everything he has done, is opteed in the letter of the cronicas of the kings of israel.

II Kings 15:27 in the fifty and two years of azariah king of judah, pekah, the son of remalia, became king of israel in samaria and reigned for forty years.

II Kings 15:28 he was doing what was evil in the eyes of the lord. he did not leave all the sins of jeroboam, the son of nebat, who had pastened israel to sin.

II Kings 15:29 in the days of pekah king of israel tiglat-pileser, the king of assyrien, and took the land of ijon, abel-bet-maacha, janoa, kenaz, hazor, gilead, galilee, and all the land of nafttali, and led them away to assyrien.

II Kings 15:30 hosea, son of ela, conspirited against pekah, the son of remalia, and struck him and killed him. so he reigned in his place in the thirty years ' son of jotham.

II Kings 15:31 what is remains of pekah, everything he has done, is opteed in the letter of the cronicas of the kings of israel.

II Kings 15:32 in the second regeringing of pekah, the son of remalia, king of israel, jotham, the son of uzarias, king of judah.

II Kings 15:33 he was twenty-five years when he became king, and he reigned seizth years in jerusalem. his mother was jerusa, daughter of zadok.

II Kings 15:34 he was doing what was right before the lord, just as his father ussias had done.

II Kings 15:35 nevertheless the offerings would not be taken away, the people continued to sacrifice and incensing again on the high places. he built the object of the temple of the lord.

II Kings 15:36 what of rest is repraid of jotham, everything he made, is opteed in the letter of the cronicas of the kings of judah ?

II Kings 15:37 in those days the lord began to send rezin, the king of syria, and pekah, son of remalia.

II Kings 15:38 when jotham fled with his ancestors, he was buried with his ancestors in the city of his father david. his son ahaz blev reign in his place.

II Kings 16:1 in pekah, the son of remalia, achaz, the son of jotham, king of judah, became king.

II Kings 16:2 ahaz was eventy years when he became king, and he reigned seizty years in jerusalem. he did not do what was right before his god, as his father david,

II Kings 16:3 but he wanted in the way of the king of israel. he also went through the fire his son, according to the abominations of the nations that the lord had driven out before the people of israel.

II Kings 16:4 he offered and offered offering in the mountains, on the mountains, and under every ground tree.

II Kings 16:5 then resin the king of aram and pekah, the son of remalia, king of israel, went up to jerusalem to combation, and they bellayed ahaz, but were not able to strike.

II Kings 16:6 at that time retsin, the king of syria, revealed elath to the syria and drev the jews out of elath. so the edoms went to elath and remained there until this day.

II Kings 16:7 now ahaz sent messengers to tiglat-pileser, king of assyrien, to say, " i am your slave and your son. ascend and save me from the hand of the king of syrian and from the hand of the king of israel, who have returned against me. "

II Kings 16:8 so achaz took the silver and gold that was found in the temple of the lord and in the treasurs of the kingdom of the king, and sent it to the king of assyries.

II Kings 16:9 the king of assyrien heard him, and the king of assyrien went up to damascus, greated it, took it in captivition, and died resin.

II Kings 16:10 so king ahaz went to damask to render the king of assyria tiglat-pileser. when he saw the altar that was in damascus, the king ahaz sent the image of the altar and his reason for all his work.

II Kings 16:11 then the priest urias rebuked the altar according to everything the king ahaz had sent from damask.

II Kings 16:12 when the king saw the altar, he went up on it.

II Kings 16:13 he offered his offering offering and his sacrifice and poured his drant, and poured on the altar the blood of his frees of peace.

II Kings 16:14 but the bronzealtar that was before the lord he brought out from the presence of the temple, from tussen the altar and the temple of the lord, and placed it on the norderside side of the altar.

II Kings 16:15 then the king ahaz gave this order to the priest uriah, saying, " offer on the great altar the morning offering sacrifice, the morning sacrifice, the offering sacrifice of the king and his sacrifice, the holocausts of all the people of the people, their sacrifice, their drushes and all the blood of sacrifices. but the shaper altar will be for me for the morning. "

II Kings 16:16 so the priest urias did everything just as king ahaz had commanded him.

II Kings 16:17 then the king ahaz destroyed the outside of the baskets and taken away the wast from them. then he destroyed the sea from the bronce of bronze that was under it and put it on a stone of stone.

II Kings 16:18 he turned back into the temple of the temple for the temple of the temple and the inside inside of the king, he rejected it in the house of the lord because of the king of assyrie.

II Kings 16:19 what of rest of ahaz, what he made, is not written of the cronice of the kings of judah ?

II Kings 16:20 so achaz died to his ancestors and were buried with his ancestors in the city of david. his son hezecias blev reign in his place.

II Kings 17:1 in ahaz ' s king ahaz ' s twelve years, hosea, the son of ela, reigned in samaria over israel, and he reigned nive years.

II Kings 17:2 he did what was evil in the eyes of the lord, but not like the kings of israel who were before him.

II Kings 17:3 salmanassar, king of assyrien, ascended against him, and hosea became his slave and rejected him a sacrifice.

II Kings 17:4 but the king of assyrie found hosea against hosea, because he had sent messengers to so, king of egypt, and he did not bring a sacrifice to the king of assyrie in that year. so the king of assyrien bellayed him and put him in a prison.

II Kings 17:5 so the king of assyrien went up to all the regions, went up to samaria and bellayed it for three years.

II Kings 17:6 in the nive years of hosea the king of assyria took the samariah and transported the people of israel to assyrien. he constitued them in halah and abor, the river of gozan, and in the regions of the medians.

II Kings 17:7 this reason, because the people of israel sinned against the lord their god who had brought them up from the land of egypt from the hand of pharaoh, king of egypt, and were afraid of others.

II Kings 17:8 they followed the decrees of the nations that the lord had driven from the presence of the israelites, and in the commands of the kings of israel.

II Kings 17:9 and all the people of israel believed what was not right against the lord their god, and they bounded themselves high in all their towns, from the guards of the guards until the beautiful city.

II Kings 17:10 they stapped statues and ashers on every high mountain and under every ground tree.

II Kings 17:11 and they offered incense there in every high place, like the nations that the lord had driven out before them. they were done unclean things to provoke the spirit of the lord.

II Kings 17:12 they were serving the idols about whom the lord had told them, " do not do this. "

II Kings 17:13 so the lord testified to israel and juda through all his prophets and seesters, saying, " keep around from your evil wells and hold my commandments and commandments, according to the whole law i have commanded to your ancestors and whom i have sent to you by my servants the prophets. "

II Kings 17:14 but they did not listen to it, but endured their roads greater than their ancestors.

II Kings 17:15 they did not obey his testimony that he testified against them, they did not obey them. they followed the heetful things and became faithful. they followed the nations that were around them, which he commanded them not to do like these things.

II Kings 17:16 they left the commandments of the lord their god and made little bood for themselves, two hors. they made asherah and worshiped the whole heavenly power and served to baal.

II Kings 17:17 they went through their sons and daughters by fire and commanded adultery and adultering, and they were vended to do what is evil in the eyes of the lord to provoke him to anger.

II Kings 17:18 so the lord became great anger against israel and rejected them from his presence. there was no rest left except the tribe of judah alone.

II Kings 17:19 even judah did not obey the commandments of the lord their god, but followed the commandments of israel that they had made.

II Kings 17:20 so the lord rejected all the descendants of israel and destroyed them and gave them in the hand of builders until he healed them from his presence.

II Kings 17:21 for israel had rejected israel from the house of david, and they made jeroboam, the son of nebat, to reign israel from the lord and made them to sin in a great sin.

II Kings 17:22 so the people of israel went in all the sins of jeroboam that he had committed, and they did not depart from it.

II Kings 17:23 until the lord rejected israel from his presence, just as he had spoken by all his servants the prophets. so israel was caught captive from his country to assur until this day.

II Kings 17:24 then the king of assyrien brought from babylon, kuta, ava, hamath, sefarvaim, and gave them to live in the towns of samaria in the place of the people of israel. they possessed samaria and residing in her towns.

II Kings 17:25 but when they were seated, they did not be afraid of the lord, so the lord sent leeues among them who killed them.

II Kings 17:26 then they said to the king of assyrien, saying, " the nations you have transported and sat down in the towns of samaria do not know the judgment of the god of the earth. so he sent leeuns to them, and look, they are going to execute them because they do not know the judgment of the god of the earth. "

II Kings 17:27 then the king of assyrie commanded this, " bring them away from there, so they must go and live there and give them the judgment of the god of the earth. "

II Kings 17:28 then one of the priests whom they had brought away from samaria came and remained in bethel. he revealed them how they would fear the lord.

II Kings 17:29 but every nation made their gods and put them in the temple of the high towns that the samaritans had made, every nation in their towns where they live.

II Kings 17:30 the people of babylon made succoth-benoth, the people of kuta made nergal, the people of hamath made asima,

II Kings 17:31 the avites made nibhas and tarthak, but the people of sefarvaim burned their sons by fire to adramelek and anammelech, god of sepharvaim. )

II Kings 17:32 they feared the lord and made their idols in the household of high offerings that they had done in samaria, a nation of people in the town where they loved. they feared the lord and made priests on high places.

II Kings 17:33 they were afraid of the lord, and they served their dieux according to the order of the nations where they had brought them away.

II Kings 17:34 until this day they cannot fear the lord and do not obey the commandments and determines, the law and the commandment that the lord gave to the sons of jacob, whom he gave his name israel.

II Kings 17:35 and the lord made a covenant with them and commanded them : " do not be afraid others and do not worship them, do not serve them or sacrifice to them.

II Kings 17:36 but for the lord who brought you out of the land of egypt with great power and extended arm, to worship him, worship him and offer sacrifice to him.

II Kings 17:37 and the instance, the judgments, the law, and the commandments that he wrote to you must live always, but do not be afraid of others.

II Kings 17:38 you must not forgive the covenant that i made with you, and do not be afraid others.

II Kings 17:39 but fear the lord your god, and he will save you from the hand of all your enemies. "

II Kings 17:40 but they did not obey, they did according to their own determines.

II Kings 17:41 so these nations feared the lord, but began to serve their idols. even their sons and their children, like their ancestors did, they do it to this day.

II Kings 18:1 in the third reason of hosea, the son of ela, king of israel, jehizkija, the son of ahaz, king of judah.

II Kings 18:2 he was twenty-five years when he became king, and he reigned twenty-nine in jerusalem. his mother was abi, a daughter of zechariah.

II Kings 18:3 he was doing what was right before the lord, just as his father david had done.

II Kings 18:4 he destroyed the offerings and broke the colonne. he destroyed the ashers, and made the bronce serpent that moses had made. for until that day the israelites were incensing for him, and they called it nehustan.

II Kings 18:5 he hope in the lord, god of israel, and after him there was no one like him among all the rulers of judah and among those who were before him.

II Kings 18:6 he refused to the lord and did not depart from him, but obeyed his commandments that he had given to moses.

II Kings 18:7 and the lord was with him in everything he was doing. he rebelled against the king of assyrie and did not serve him.

II Kings 18:8 he struck the philistins to gaza and its territory, from the guards of the guards until the beautiful city.

II Kings 18:9 in the fourth year of king hezekias, which was the seventh jaar of hosea, the son of ela, king of israel, salmanassar the king of assyrien went up against samaria and bellayed it.

II Kings 18:10 now after three years he took it in the sixth anno of hezekiah, which was the nighth anno of hosea, king of israel, samaria was taken up.

II Kings 18:11 then the king of assyrien forced samaria to assyrien and placed them in halah and abor, the river of gozan, and in the regions of the medians.

II Kings 18:12 because they did not obey the voice of the lord their god, but rejected his covenant, everything moses, the servant of the lord, had commanded, they did not listen and did not do it.

II Kings 18:13 the four and four years of king hezekias sennacherib the king of assyrien went up against all the befested towns of judah and pushed them.

II Kings 18:14 then hezekiah the king of judah sent messends to the king of assyrien to lachis, saying, " i have been sinned. keep away from me ! i will take whatever you put on me. " so the king of assyrie gave the king of judah to hezekiah the king of judah, three hundred talents silver, and thirty talents gold.

II Kings 18:15 so hezeczar gave all the silver coins found in the temple of the lord and in the treasurs of the palace.

II Kings 18:16 at that time hezekiah seized the door of the temple of the lord and the scroll that hezekiah, king of judah, had scattered, and gave it to the king of assyrien.

II Kings 18:17 then the king of assyrien sent tartan, rabsaris, and rabsake with a large power to jerusalem to the king hezecus. so they went up and came to jerusalem. then when they went up and came to jerusalem, they stood on the watch of the obove water that is on the way of the walked walk.

II Kings 18:18 then they cried out to hezekiah. so eliakim, the son of hilkia, the palace, and sebna the expert in the law, and joah, the son of asaf, the kanciller.

II Kings 18:19 then rabsake said to them, " tell hezekiah, ' this is the solemn pronouncement of the great king, the king of assyrien : what is this hope you hope ?

II Kings 18:20 you have said, " not in the words of your lips is confidence and power to combation. but who are you confident that you have rebelled against me ?

II Kings 18:21 look, you are confident in egypt on this broken row, that is, in egypt, who, if someone strengits on it, will enter his hand and strike it. so is pharaoh, king of egypt, for all who confidence in him.

II Kings 18:22 but if you say to me, " we hope in the lord our god ! is this not the man whom hezecah has rejected his high household and altars, saying to judah and jerusalem, ' before this altar you will worship in jerusalem ?

II Kings 18:23 and now, reject yourself with my lord the king of assyrie, and i will give you two thousand horses if you can give you guards on them. "

II Kings 18:24 how can you then put a enemy of one of the minste servants of my lord ? but you hope on egypt for their waves and ruiters.

II Kings 18:25 why then have i come without the lord against this place to destroy it ? the lord said to me, ' ascend against this land and destroy it ! ' "

II Kings 18:26 then eliakim, the son of hilkia, shebna, and joah said to rabsake, " tell your servants in aramaic, because we understand it, and do not speak to us in aramaic in the presence of the people on the wall. "

II Kings 18:27 but rabsake replied, " my lord sent me to speak these words to your master and to you ? does he not send me to speak these words to the men who sit on the muur to eat their state and drink their state with you ? "

II Kings 18:28 then rabsake stood and cried out with a loud voice in judsky and said, " listen to the words of the great king, the king of assyrien !

II Kings 18:29 so says the king, ' let hezechias not destroy you, for he will not save you from my hand.

II Kings 18:30 let hezecus not hope you to the lord, saying, ' the lord will leave us already, and this city will not be given in the hand of the king of assyrien. '

II Kings 18:31 do not listen to hezekiah, for the king of assyrien says, ' make a blessing with me and come out to me, so that each one will eat each of his vineyard or from his fig tree and drink each one of the water of his cisterna,

II Kings 18:32 until i come and take you into a land like your earth, a land of wheat and most, a land of bread and vineyard, a land of olives, olive oil, and honey, so that you may live and never die. do not listen to hezekih because he causes you away, saying, ' the lord will sap us ! '

II Kings 18:33 have each of the gods of the nations refried his land from the hand of the king of assyrie ?

II Kings 18:34 where are the gode of hamath and arpad ? where are the gode of sepharvaim, hena, and ivan ? have they refried samaria from my hand ?

II Kings 18:35 which of all the dieux of the lands have saved their land from my hand, so that the lord will remove jerusalem from my hand ? "

II Kings 18:36 but when they heard this, they did not answer him a word, because the king had commanded, " do not answer him. "

II Kings 18:37 then eliakim, the son of hilkia, the palace of the palast, shebna the experts in the law, and joah the son of asaf, the member, came to hezekiah dressed off his clothes and reported to him the words of rabsake.

II Kings 19:1 when the king hezekias heard this he tore his clothes, clothed on a sack clothing and went into the house of the lord.

II Kings 19:2 he sent eliakim the palace of the palace, the expert in the palace, shebna the experts in the law, dressed in sackcloth, to the prophet isajah, the son of amoz.

II Kings 19:3 and they said to him, " so says hezecus : ' this day is a day of benefit, confidence, and blasphemy, because the sons have come to bear, but there is no power to give.

II Kings 19:4 if then the lord your god will listen all the words of rabsake whom the king of assyrien sent him to insult the living god, and to blaspheme with the words that the lord your god has heard. so pray for the rest of the rest who finds. "

II Kings 19:5 so the servants of king hezekias came to isajah.

II Kings 19:6 and isaiah said to them, " tell your lord, ' so says the lord, ' do not be afraid of the words you heard who the servants of the king of assyrie blasphemed.

II Kings 19:7 look, i will put a spirit in him, and he will hear a message and return to his land, and i will put him down with the sword in his land. ' "

II Kings 19:8 so rabsake returned and found the king of assyrien walking against libna because he heard that he had gone away from lachis.

II Kings 19:9 now when herod heard about tirhaka the king of the etiopians, saying, " look, he has gone out to make against you. " so he returned and sent messengers to hezekia, saying,

II Kings 19:10 " tell the king nebukadrezar, your god, in whom you hope, may delify you, saying, jerusalem will not be given in the hand of the king of assyrie ! '

II Kings 19:11 " look, you have heard what the kings of assyrie has done for all the langues, to destroy them. and you will be saved ? "

II Kings 19:12 may the gods of the nations whom my ancestors killed, gozan, haran, reseph, and the sons of eden in telassar ?

II Kings 19:13 where are the king of hamath, the king of arpad, and the king of sefarvaim, hena and ivva ? "

II Kings 19:14 when hezecus had taken the scroll from the angels ' s hand, leading it. then he went up to the temple of the lord and bread it in the presence of the lord.

II Kings 19:15 here, the god of israel, who sits on the cherubs ! you alone are god for all the rigs of the earth. you have made heaven and earth.

II Kings 19:16 listen, lord, your ear and listen ! open your eyes, lord, and see. listen to the words of sanherib, whom he sent to reproach the living god.

II Kings 19:17 for the truth, lord, the kings of assyrien have destroyed the nations.

II Kings 19:18 and they gave their gods into the fire, because they were not god but works of human hands, tree and stone. so they destroyed them.

II Kings 19:19 now then, lord our god, save us from his hand, so that all the rigs of the earth will know that you, lord, are the only god. "

II Kings 19:20 then isajah, the son of amoz, sent a message to hezekiah, " so says the lord, the god of israel : i have heard what you prayed to me about sanherib, king of assyrien.

II Kings 19:21 this is what the lord has spoken about him : the virgin, the daughter of zion, rejects you, contempt the head of jerusalem against you.

II Kings 19:22 who has insulted and blasphemed ? and against whom have you raised your voice, raised your eyes up high ? against the holy of israel !

II Kings 19:23 through your angels you insulted the lord and said, ' by my great wagnity i went up to the high mounts, on the other side of the libán. i will cut down his greatest cedrs, his greatful cypress, and came to his completely, to the sea of his carmell.

II Kings 19:24 " i have suffered and drinking others water, and with my finger i suffered all the rivers of the region. '

II Kings 19:25 i gathered her, now i brought her, and she came for the prisoners of the prisoner, a fortificated city.

II Kings 19:26 those who live in them were form with their hand, they were tormented and ashamed. they were like the grass of the field, like a green gras on the household and a suffering before the presence.

II Kings 19:27 but i know your sitting, your exuth and your enter, and i know your wrath against me.

II Kings 19:28 because you have anger against me and your harm has come to my ears, i will put my ring into your minds and my ring in your minds, and i will bring you back on the way you came.

II Kings 19:29 " and this is the sign for you : in this year you will eat what produces, and on the second year what will graw, but on the third years you will graw and reap, plant vineyards and eat their fruit.

II Kings 19:30 the rest of the house of judah, who lives, will give a root always and produce fruit alone.

II Kings 19:31 for from jerusalem will remain rest, and from the mountain of zion. the jeal of the lord of majeshi will do this.

II Kings 19:32 for this reason, so says the lord about the king of assyrie : he will not enter this city or strick a pick there, and he will not stand against it with language or extend a call against it.

II Kings 19:33 he will return to the way he came, but will never enter this city, says the lord.

II Kings 19:34 for i will be exsulted this city because of me and for my sake david. "

II Kings 19:35 in the night an angel of the lord went out and struck in the camp of the assyria a hundred and eighty-five thousand. when they got up the morning, all there were dead bodies.

II Kings 19:36 so sanherib, the king of assyrien, went away and went back and turned back to nineve.

II Kings 19:37 now as he was worshiped in the house of his god nisroc, adramelek and sarezer, his sons, killed him with the sword, and returned to the land of ararat. and asarhaddon his son reigned in his place.

II Kings 20:1 in those days hezecah became sick. then the prophet isajah, the son of amoz, came to him and said to him, " so says the lord, proclaim your house, because you will die and never live. ' "

II Kings 20:2 then hezecah turned his face to the wall and prayed to the lord, saying,

II Kings 20:3 " o lord, remember that i have wanted before you in truth and with a fullness heart, and have done what is good in your eyes. " so hezecah weeped with great weeping.

II Kings 20:4 when isaiah was in the city ' s courtyard, the word of the lord came to him, saying,

II Kings 20:5 " return and tell hezekiah my people, ' so says the lord, the god of your father david : ' i have heard your prayer, i have seen your tears. look, i will heal you. on the third day you will go into the house of the lord.

II Kings 20:6 i will give to your days fifty years, and i will save you and this city from the hand of the king of assyrie, and i will exsult this city for my sake and for my servant david. ' "

II Kings 20:7 he said, " let some fig fig fig fig figs and put it on the bate so that he will be healed. "

II Kings 20:8 then hezecus said to isajah, " what is the sign that the lord will heal me and that i will ascend on the third day into the house of the lord ? "

II Kings 20:9 isaiah said, " this is the sign from the lord that the lord will do what he has spoken : is the shadow going on ten streets or turn ten grapes back ? "

II Kings 20:10 hezeciah said, " the shadow is weak to lay ten grains. not, let the shadow return back ten grapes back. "

II Kings 20:11 then the prophet isaiah cried out to the lord, and he turned the shadow back ten streets back on the streets.

II Kings 20:12 at that time merodach-baladan, the son of baladan, king of babylon, sent a book and offering to hezekiah because he heard that hezecah was sick.

II Kings 20:13 when hezecah was glad to them, he showed them the whole household of his household, the silver, gold, the aromatic oil, the good oil, his wadow and everything he found in his treasures. there was nothing in his house or in all his power that hezekias did not show them.

II Kings 20:14 then the prophet isajah came to the king hezecias and said to him, " what did these men say, and where have they come to you ? " hezeciah replied, " they have come to me from a large country, from babylon. "

II Kings 20:15 " what saw they saw in your house ? " howerehas replied, " they have seen everything i have in my house. there is nothing that i would not show them in my treasurs. "

II Kings 20:16 then isaiah said to hezekia, " listen to the word of the lord :

II Kings 20:17 " look, the days will come, when everything that is in your house and everything your ancestors have samed until this day will be taken up to babylon. nothing will remain, says the lord.

II Kings 20:18 and your sons that will come from you whom you will be born will receive, and they will be eunuchs in the palace of the king of babylon. "

II Kings 20:19 hezekia said to isajah, " the word of the lord is good that you have spoken. may peace be in my days !

II Kings 20:20 what is remained of hezekiah, all his power, and how he made the watch and the water and brought the water into the city, is they written in the cronice of the kings of judah ?

II Kings 20:21 then hezekiah died to his ancestors, and his son manasseh blev reign in his place.

II Kings 21:1 manasse was twelve years old when he became king, and he reigned fifty and five years in jerusalem. his mother ' s name was hefsiba.

II Kings 21:2 he did what was evil in the eyes of the lord according to the abominations of the nations that the lord had driven out before the people of israel.

II Kings 21:3 he rebuilt up the offerings that his father hezeciah had destroyed, raised altars to baal and made a asherah, just as achab king of israel had done. he worshiped the whole heavenly power and served them.

II Kings 21:4 he built altars in the house of the lord, about which the lord had said, " in jerusalem i will put my name. "

II Kings 21:5 he also built altars to all the power of heaven in the two forns of the house of the lord.

II Kings 21:6 so he went through his son through fire, suffering, adultering, and made guards and magiracles. he continued to do what is evil in the eyes of the lord to provoke him to anger.

II Kings 21:7 he put the sceld of asherah in the house about which the lord had spoken to david and his son solomon : " in this house and in jerusalem i have chosen from all the tribes of israel i will put my name for ever.

II Kings 21:8 i will not leave the feet of israel from the land i gave to their ancestors, if they obey everything i commanded them, according to the whole commandment that my servant moses gave them. "

II Kings 21:9 but they did not listen, and manasse deceived them to do greater than the nations that the lord had destroyed from the israelites.

II Kings 21:10 then the lord said through his servants the prophets, saying,

II Kings 21:11 " because manasseh the king of judah has done these abominations, evil than all the things the amoreens who were before him and made even judah to sin with their idols,

II Kings 21:12 for this reason, so says the lord, the god of israel, ' look, i will bring a ulykke over jerusalem and juda, that everyone who hears it will have two ears.

II Kings 21:13 " i will extend on jerusalem the measure of samaria and the sicel of ahab ' s house. i will destroy jerusalem just as a scroll takes away. it is destroyed and destroyed on his face.

II Kings 21:14 i will reject the rest of my possession, and i will give them in the hand of their enemies, and they will become rouble and practice for all their enemies,

II Kings 21:15 because they have done what is evil in my eyes and provoked anger from the day their ancestors went out of egypt until this day. "

II Kings 21:16 manasse also poured unclean blood in great number until he filled jerusalem from the other to the other, except his sins that he had brought judas to sin, faithing what was evil in the eyes of the lord.

II Kings 21:17 what of rest of manasseh, everything he has done, and his sin that he committed is opteed in the letter of the cronicas of the kings of judah ?

II Kings 21:18 then manasseh died to his ancestors, and he was buried in the garden of his house, in the garden of ussa. and his son amon blev reign in his place.

II Kings 21:19 amon was twenty-two years when he became king, and he reigned two years in jerusalem. his mother was mesullemet, daughter ' s daughter from jotba.

II Kings 21:20 he did what was evil in the eyes of the lord, just as his father manases had done.

II Kings 21:21 he went in every way where his father had went, and served the idols that his father had served and worshiped them.

II Kings 21:22 he left the lord, the god of his ancestors, and did not follow the way of the lord.

II Kings 21:23 then the servants of amon conspirited him and killed the king in his house.

II Kings 21:24 but the people of the earth struck all those who had rebelled against king amon, and they made his son josia to king in his place.

II Kings 21:25 what is remained of amon and what he made, is opteed in the letter of the cronies of the kings of judah ?

II Kings 21:26 then he buried him in his tomb in the garden of uzza. his son josia blev reigned in his place.

II Kings 22:1 josia was eight years when he became king, and he reigned treizty-one years in jerusalem. his mother was jedida, a daughter of adaja from boskat.

II Kings 22:2 he was doing what was right before the lord, and wanted in all the way of his father david, and did not leave the right or left.

II Kings 22:3 now in the eightenth year of king josia, the king sent saphan, the son of azalja, the son of mesullam, to the temple of the lord, saying,

II Kings 22:4 " go up to the high priest hilcias and tell the message that was brought into the temple of the lord, which the guards of the door have gathered from the people.

II Kings 22:5 he must give it in the hand of those who practice the works of the temple of the lord, and they give it to those who are practicing the work in the house of the temple,

II Kings 22:6 the timbers, the builders, the murders, and the murders, and to inherit tree and gathered stones to reveal the temple depractice.

II Kings 22:7 nevertheless they do not proclaim to them the money given to them, because they do in faithfulness. "

II Kings 22:8 then the high priest hilcias said to saphan the expert in the law, " i found the scroll of the law in the house of the lord. " hilcias gave the letter to saphan, and he leased it.

II Kings 22:9 so josia went out to the king and reported a order to the king and said, " your servants have gathered the silver count that was found in the temple, and have it given in the hand of those who practice the work that practice the temple of the lord. "

II Kings 22:10 then saphan the expert in the law said to the king, " the priest hilcias gave me a book. " so chafan leaded it before the king.

II Kings 22:11 when the king heard the words of the book of the law, he tore his clothes.

II Kings 22:12 then the king gave this order to the priest hilkija, ahikam the son of saphan, achbor the son of michah, saphan the expert in the law, and asaia the servant of the king, saying,

II Kings 22:13 " go and ask the lord for me, for for the people, and for all judah, about the words of this book that is found. for great is the wrath of the lord against us because our ancestors did not obey the words of this book, to do everything that is written against us. "

II Kings 22:14 then the priest hilkia, ahikam, achbor, safan, and asaias went to the prophets hulda, wife of sallum the son of tikva, the son of harhas, the garder of the clothing. she lived in jerusalem, the next city, and they spoke with her.

II Kings 22:15 she said to them, " so says the lord, god of israel, to the man who sent you to me :

II Kings 22:16 " so says the lord, " look, i will bring great evil on this place and over those who live in it, all the words of the book that the king of judah has lued.

II Kings 22:17 because they have forgiven me and offering offering to others dieux, provoking me to anger with all their hands ' s works, and my anger will flamke up against this place and will never be samled. '

II Kings 22:18 but to the king of judah who sent you to ask the lord, say to him, ' so says the lord, the god of israel, about the words you heard.

II Kings 22:19 because your heart has become distressed and you have contristed from the presence of the lord, when you heard what i have spoken against this place and against the people of it, that they will become a desolation and a praise, and since you have breathed your clothes and bueping before me, so i also heard, says the lord.

II Kings 22:20 " for this reason i will gather you to your ancestors, and you will be gathered into your tomb in peace, and your eyes will not see all the evil things i will bring over this place. ' " and they brought the order to the king.

II Kings 23:1 then the king sent together and gathered to him all the elders of judah and jerusalem.

II Kings 23:2 then the king went up to the temple of the lord, and with him all the men of judah, all the people of jerusalem, the priests, the prophets, and all the people, both little and great. so he leaded all the words of the book of the covenant that was found in the house of the lord.

II Kings 23:3 then the king stood on the pill and made a covenant before the lord to follow the lord, to obey his commandments, testimony, and commandments with all his heart and all his life to explete the words of this covenant that were written in this book. then all the people stood in the covenant.

II Kings 23:4 then the king ordered the high priest hilkia, the second priests, and the guards of the door to bring out out of the temple of the lord all the instruments that had been done for baal, the asherah, and for the entire oil of heaven. he burned them outside of jerusalem, on the camp of kidron, and took their stof to bethel.

II Kings 23:5 he destroyed the idols who the kings of judah had given and offering offering offerings in the high towns in the towns of judah and around jerusalem, and those who offered incense to baal, to the sun, to the moon, to the creature, and for all the exercise of heaven.

II Kings 23:6 he brought the asherah out of the temple of the lord outside of jerusalem to the torrent of kidron, and swallowed it in the torrent of kidron, threw it into stof and broke his stof into the tomb of the people.

II Kings 23:7 he destroyed the house of humanity who were in the temple of the lord, where the women had taken cymles for the asherah.

II Kings 23:8 he brought all the priests from the towns of judah and defiled the offerings where the priests had offered offering, from geba until beerseba. he destroyed the offerings of the towns that was at the door of the city ' s guard joshua, the city of the city, who was at the left of the man by the city of the city.

II Kings 23:9 yet the priests of high offerings did not ascend to the altar of the lord in jerusalem, but they ate unleavened bread among their brothers.

II Kings 23:10 so he defiled topheth in the dal of the son of hinnom, so that no one would go his son or his daughter with fire to moloch.

II Kings 23:11 he revealed the horses that the kings of judah had given for the sun at the intross of the temple of the lord, at the offering offering of nathan the eunuch, who was in parhurim. and he swallowed up with fire the wags of the sun.

II Kings 23:12 the king destroyed the altars on the roof of the room of ahaz, which the kings of judah had made, and the altars manasseh had made in the two curts of the temple of the lord, and destroyed from there and throwed their stof into the torrent of kidron.

II Kings 23:13 the king defiled the temple that was apposite jerusalem, at the right hand of the mountain, that solomon, the king of israel, had built for astarte the abomination of the sidons, to kemos the abomination of moab, and to milchol the abomination of the ammonites.

II Kings 23:14 he broke the stones and destroyed the ashers, and he filled their place with human flesh.

II Kings 23:15 even the altar that was in bethhel, the high altar that jeroboams, the son of nebat, had made, who had saatned israel to sin, even that altar he destroyed. he destroyed the high ground and broke it in stof and destroyed the ashera-pate.

II Kings 23:16 when yosia stood up and saw the tomb that were there in the city, he sent out and took the beases from the tombs and burned it on the altar and defiled it, according to the word of the lord, which the man of god had spoken in the feast of the man of god who had spoken these things.

II Kings 23:17 then he asked, " what is this clock that i see ? " the people of the city said to him, " it is the sword of the man of god who came from judah and called these things that you have done against the altar of bethel. "

II Kings 23:18 he said, " let him get ! let no one carry his bears ! " so they seized his bears with the bears of the prophet who came from samaria.

II Kings 23:19 josia destroyed all the household of the high towns in the towns of samaria, which the kings of israel had made, to provoke the anger to the lord, and he did with them all the deeds he had done in bethel.

II Kings 23:20 then he offered all the priests of the high offerings there, who were there, and incensed men ' s bears on them. then he returned to jerusalem.

II Kings 23:21 then the king told the whole people, saying, " celebrate the passover for the lord your god, just as it is written in this book of the covenant. "

II Kings 23:22 for this passover was not celebred from the days of the judgers who judged israel, and in all the time of the kings of israel and of the kings of judah.

II Kings 23:23 for the eightenth reason of king josia was the passover for the lord in jerusalem.

II Kings 23:24 in fact josia distributed the masters of the law that was written in the book that the priest hilcias had found in the temple of the temple of the temple.

II Kings 23:25 before him there was no king who returned to the lord with all his heart, with all his life, and with all his power, according to all the law of moses, and after him there was no one like him.

II Kings 23:26 nevertheless, the lord was not rejected from the great wrath of his great wrath against judah because of all the anger that manasseh had provoked him.

II Kings 23:27 then the lord said, " i will drive judas away from my presence, just as i have forgiven israel, and i will reject this city i have chosen, jerusalem, and the house about which i said, ' my name will be there. ' "

II Kings 23:28 what of rest is repraid of josias and everything he made, is opteed in the letter of the cronicas of the kings of judah ?

II Kings 23:29 in his days pharaoh neko, king of egypt, went up against the king of assyrie on the river euphrates. yosia went out to meet him, but necho killed him in megiddo, when he saw him.

II Kings 23:30 his servants brought him dead from megiddo and brought him to jerusalem and buried him in his tomb. but the people of the earth took joahaz son of josia, anointed him and made him king in the place of his father.

II Kings 23:31 joahaz was about three and three years when he became king, and he reigned three months in jerusalem. his mother was hamutal, a daughter of jirmeah from libna.

II Kings 23:32 he was doing what was evil in the eyes of the lord, just as his ancestors did.

II Kings 23:33 now pharaoh neko rejected him in ribla in the land of hamath not to reign in jerusalem, and he placed the land a suffering for a hundred talents silver, and a talent gold.

II Kings 23:34 pharaoh neko reigned to them eliakim, the son of josia, in the place of his father josia, and he made his name to jojakim. but joahaz he took and brought to egypt, where he died.

II Kings 23:35 joiakim gave the silver and gold to pharaoh ; but he read the land to give the money according to pharaoh ' s order. each of the people of the earth gave the silver and gold from the people of the earth to give pharaoh neko.

II Kings 23:36 jojakim was twenty years when he became king, and he reigned elf years in jerusalem. his mother was zebuda, daughter of pedaja from ruma.

II Kings 23:37 he was doing what was evil in the eyes of the lord, just as his ancestors did.

II Kings 24:1 in his time the king of babylon, the king of babylon went up, and jojakim became his slave for three years. then he returned and rebelled against him.

II Kings 24:2 so the lord sent the lame of the chaldeans, araman, moab, and ammonites, and sent them to juda to destroy, according to the word of the lord that he had spoken through his servants the prophets.

II Kings 24:3 but this happened to judah for the anger of the lord to reject him from his presence for the sins of manasseh, as he had done.

II Kings 24:4 and even unrighteous blood he poured out and filled jerusalem with innocent blood, and the lord would not repay them.

II Kings 24:5 what is remained of jojakim, everything he has done, is opteed in the letter of the cronicas of the kings of judah ?

II Kings 24:6 so jojakim dechil with his ancestors, and his son jojakin blev reign in his place.

II Kings 24:7 the king of egypt did not go back out of his own country, because the king of babylon had taken everything that was for the king of egypt from the river of egypt until the river euphrat.

II Kings 24:8 jojakim was fourteen years when he became king, and he reigned three months in jerusalem. his mother was nehusta, a daughter of elnathan from jerusalem.

II Kings 24:9 he was doing what was evil in the eyes of the lord, just as his father had done.

II Kings 24:10 at that time the king of babylon, the king of babylon, went up to jerusalem, and the city was objected.

II Kings 24:11 so nebukadnessar, the king of babylon, went to the city, while his slaves bellayed it.

II Kings 24:12 then jojakin, the king of judah, went out to the king of babylon, he, his mother, his rulers, his rulers, and his eunuchs. the king of babylon took him in the eighth years of his kingdom.

II Kings 24:13 he brought all the treasurs of the temple of the lord and the treasurs of the palace. he destroyed all the golden things salomon, the king of israel, had made in the temple of the lord, according to the message of the lord.

II Kings 24:14 then he transported all the people of jerusalem, all the rulers, all the held of power, twenty thousand captive, and all the clock and takers. there was no rest left except the poor of the earth.

II Kings 24:15 he transported jojakin in captivity to babylon. he brought the mother of the king, the wife of the king, his eunuchs, and the held of the earth, he led him captive from jerusalem to babylon.

II Kings 24:16 and all the leaders, seven thousand, the childmen, and the callers, thousand, all who were held to make battle. then the king of babylon brought them to babylon.

II Kings 24:17 the king of babylon reigned his son mattanias to jerusalem in his place and gave him to name zedekiah.

II Kings 24:18 zedekiah was twenty years when he became king, and he reigned elf years in jerusalem. his mother was hamutal, a daughter of jirmeah, and libna was a daughter of jirmeah.

II Kings 24:19 he was doing what was evil in the eyes of the lord, just as joiachim had done.

II Kings 24:20 for for the anger of the lord was happening to jerusalem and juda until he healed them from his presence. so zedekiah rebelled against the king of babylon.

II Kings 25:1 in his nighth year, on the nighth month of his kingdom, at the nighth month of the neventh month, nebukadrezar, the king of babylon, came with all his larges against jerusalem and assestrew the city against jerusalem.

II Kings 25:2 then the city was divided until the elf years of king zedekia.

II Kings 25:3 on the new day of the new month, when the famine was strengthened in the city, and the people of the land had no bread.

II Kings 25:4 then the city was divided, and all the solders went out of night by the way from the city of the city, which is by the garden of the king, because the chaldeans were around the city around, and he went on the way of the araba.

II Kings 25:5 but the lame of the chaldeans persecuted the king and greated him in the steps of jericho, and all his lame was dispersed from him.

II Kings 25:6 so they greated the king and brought him to the king of babylon to ribla. he explained judgment against him.

II Kings 25:7 and they were killed the sons of zedekiah before his eyes, and they destroyed the eyes of zedekijah, and they stricted him with chains and brought him to babylon.

II Kings 25:8 on the sixth month, on the seventh day of the month, in the nittenth years of nebukadrezar ' s king, nebuzaradan, the officer of the officers, minister of the king of babylon, to jerusalem.

II Kings 25:9 he burdered the temple of the lord and the palace of the king, and all the house of jerusalem. all the house of house he burned up.

II Kings 25:10 the officer of the guares.

II Kings 25:11 then nebusaradan, the officer of the officers, left the rest of the people that had left in the city, and those who had fallen to the king of babylon.

II Kings 25:12 but of the poor of the land the nebuzaradadan, the befeck of the guards, left away to vineyards and vineyards.

II Kings 25:13 the chaldeans threw the shaken colonne that were in the temple of the lord, the stelles, the shaper sea that was in the house of the lord, and forced their bronze into babylon.

II Kings 25:14 they took the baskets, the rocks, the rocks, the chalen, and all the kopers of bronze in which they were ministry, they took away.

II Kings 25:15 the capiting of the living guards took the incenses and the fifts of gold and silver.

II Kings 25:16 the two columns, the one sea, the bases that salomo had made for the temple of the lord, the bronze of all these things was not punishing.

II Kings 25:17 each one colonne was about fourteen whatice, and on it was a kapitel of shaper. the high kapitel was about three covados, and the kapitel and granathes were on the kapitel around the kapitel, everything of bronze. the same colonne was to the same.

II Kings 25:18 the befeck of the guards took the first priest seraias, the second priest, and zefaniah the second priest, and the three guards of the door.

II Kings 25:19 from the city he took a eunuch who was governing over the soldiers, and five men of those who were seen to the king, who were found in the city, and the experts in the law of the lame who suffered the people of the earth, and sexty men of the people of the earth who were found in the city.

II Kings 25:20 nebusaradan, the officer of the guards, took them and brought them to the king of babylon to ribla.

II Kings 25:21 so the king of babylon killed them and killed them in ribla in the land of hamath. so judas was revealed from his own country.

II Kings 25:22 now the people who had left in the land of judah, whom nebukadnessar, king of babylon, had left, he made gedalja, the son of ahikam, son of saphan.

II Kings 25:23 when all the leaders of the lame, they and their people heard that the king of babylon had constited gedalia, they came to gedalia in mizpa. there was jismael, the son of nethaniah, johanan, the son of kareah, seraja the son of tanhumeth the netophatita, and jezanias the son of the maachatita, they and their people.

II Kings 25:24 gedalijah swore to them and to their men and said to them, " do not be afraid of the servants of the chaldeans. remain in the land and serve the king of babylon, and it will be good for you. "

II Kings 25:25 but on the seventh month ismael, son of nethany, the son of elisama, of the region of king, and with him ten men, and they struck gedaliah to death, and he also died the jews and the chaldeans who were with him in mizpa.

II Kings 25:26 then all the people, both little and great, and the rulers of the leaders stood up and went to egypt because they were afraid of the chaldeans.

II Kings 25:27 now on the thirty-seventh year of the captivition of joiakin, king of judah, on the twelve month, on the venty-seventh day of the month, evil-merodac, king of babylon, in the year when he reigned, he revealed jojakin, the king of judah, and led him out of the prison.

II Kings 25:28 he spoke good with him and gave his throne over the throne of the kings who were with him in babylon.

II Kings 25:29 he destroyed his prison clothing, and he eaten always before him during all his leading.

II Kings 25:30 every day he live, he was revealed to him always from the house of the king every day in his day all the days of his life, because the spirit of the lord was against jerusalem and over judah until he healed them from his presence. so zedekiah rebelled against the king of babylon.

I Chronicles 1:1 adam, set, enos,

I Chronicles 1:2 kenan, mahalalel, jared,

I Chronicles 1:3 enoch, methusalah, lamech,

I Chronicles 1:4 noah, sem, ham, and japhet.

I Chronicles 1:5 the sons of japheth : gomer, magog, madai, javan, tubal, mesech and tiras.

I Chronicles 1:6 the sons of gomer were : ashkenaz, rifat, and togarma.

I Chronicles 1:7 the sons of javan : elisa, tarsis, kittim, and rodanim.

I Chronicles 1:8 the sons of cham were : cush, mitsraim, put, and canaan.

I Chronicles 1:9 the sons of chus were seba, havila, sabta, raema and sabteka. and the sons of raema were seba and dedan.

I Chronicles 1:10 kuus became the father of nimrod, who began to be held in the earth.

I Chronicles 1:17 the sons of sem : elam, assur, arphaxad,

I Chronicles 1:24 " salah.

I Chronicles 1:25 eber, peleg, reu,

I Chronicles 1:26 serug, nahor, terah,

I Chronicles 1:27 abraham, abraham was.

I Chronicles 1:28 the sons of abraham were isaac and ismael.

I Chronicles 1:29 these are their generations : nebajot, the firstborn of ishmael, so kedar, adbeel, mibsam,

I Chronicles 1:30 misma, duma, masreah, haddar, teman,

I Chronicles 1:31 jetur, naphis, and kedma. these were ismaels ' s sons.

I Chronicles 1:32 the sons of ketura, abraham ' s wife, who became birth to zimran, joksan, medan, midian, sobak and soah. the sons of joksan were seba and dedan.

I Chronicles 1:33 the sons of midian were efa, efer, hanoch, abida, and eldaa. these all were the sons of ketura.

I Chronicles 1:34 abraham became the son of isaac. the sons of isaac were esau and israel.

I Chronicles 1:35 the sons of esau : eliphas, reguel, jeus, jalam, and korah.

I Chronicles 1:36 the sons of eliphas : teman, omar, zefo, gatam, kenaz, timna, and amalek.

I Chronicles 1:37 the sons of reguel : nahat, zerah, samma, misza.

I Chronicles 1:38 the sons of seir : lotan, sobal, sibeon, anah, eser, diison,

I Chronicles 1:39 the sons of lotan : hori and hemam. lotans ' s sons was timna.

I Chronicles 1:40 the sons of sobal : golan, manahath, ebal, sob and onam. the sons of sibeon : aja and ana.

I Chronicles 1:41 ana ' s sons was dishon. the sons of dison : hemon, esban, jitran, and keran.

I Chronicles 1:42 the sons of etsar was : bilhan, zaavan, and jakan. the sons of disan were us and aran.

I Chronicles 1:43 these were their kings : bela, the son of beor, and the name of his city was dinhaba.

I Chronicles 1:44 when bela died, jobab, the son of zerah from bosra, reigned in his place.

I Chronicles 1:45 when jobab mored, husham from the region of the temanites, reigned in his place.

I Chronicles 1:46 when husam died, hadad, the son of bedad, who struck the midians in the country of moab. his city ' s name was avit.

I Chronicles 1:47 when hadad died, samla from masreka reigned in his place.

I Chronicles 1:48 when samla dog, saul from rehoboth by the river, reigned in his place.

I Chronicles 1:49 when saul died, baal-hanan, the son of achbor, became king in his place.

I Chronicles 1:50 when baal-hanan, achbor ' s son, died, and hadad, the son of bered, reigned in his place. his city was peor.

I Chronicles 1:51 now hadad died. there were the council of edom : timna, alva, jeteth,

I Chronicles 1:52 oholibama, ela, pinon,

I Chronicles 1:53 kenaz, teman, mibzar,

I Chronicles 1:54 magdiel, iram. these were the rulers of edom.

I Chronicles 2:1 these were the sons of the sons of israel : ruben, simeon, levi, judah, issachar, zebulon,

I Chronicles 2:2 dan, benjamin, neftali, gad, asser,

I Chronicles 2:3 the sons of judah : er, onan, and sela. these three were fathered to him from the daughter of saul the kanaanita. men, the firstborn of judah, was evil in the eyes of the lord, and he killed him.

I Chronicles 2:4 thamar his bridegroom gave him perez and zerah. all the sons of judah were five.

I Chronicles 2:5 the sons of perez were hezron and hamul.

I Chronicles 2:6 the sons of zerah : zimri, etan, heman, kalkol, and dara ; them were all five.

I Chronicles 2:7 the sons of carmi was achar, who destroyed israel because he rejected the destruction.

I Chronicles 2:8 ethan ' s son was azarias.

I Chronicles 2:9 the sons of hezron who were born to him were jerameel, ram, and kelubaim.

I Chronicles 2:10 ram the father of amminadab, amminadab the father of nahson, the ruler of the people of judah.

I Chronicles 2:11 nahson the father of salmon, salma the father of boaz,

I Chronicles 2:12 boaz the father of obed, obed the father of isai,

I Chronicles 2:13 isai became the father of his firstborn eliab, amminadab the second, simea the third,

I Chronicles 2:14 the fourth nathanael, the fifth raddai,

I Chronicles 2:15 the sixth of esem, the seventh david.

I Chronicles 2:16 their efrats were seruja and abigail. the sons of zeruja were abisai, joab, and asahel, three.

I Chronicles 2:17 abigail the father of amasa, and the father of amasa was jeter the ismaelita.

I Chronicles 2:18 kaleb, the son of hecron, became the father of his wife azuba and jerioth. these were her sons : jeser, sobab, and ardon.

I Chronicles 2:19 when azuba stiered, kaleb took ephrath and she gave him our son or.

I Chronicles 2:20 or hur the father of uri, uri the father of bezalel.

I Chronicles 2:21 after this hecron went up to the daughter of machir, the father of gilead, and he took her when she was sexty years. she gave him the son of segub.

I Chronicles 2:22 segub the father of jair, who had twenty-three men in the region of gilead.

I Chronicles 2:23 but gesur and aram received from them the villages of jair, kenath and its villages, seventy cities. all these were the sons of machir, the father of gilead.

I Chronicles 2:24 after hecron had died in caleb in ephrata, abia, the wife of hecron, gave him the son of ashhur ' s father.

I Chronicles 2:25 the sons of jerahmeel, the child of hecron, were : ram the first, and buna, oren, oseam, and ahia.

I Chronicles 2:26 jerahmeel had another woman named atara. she was the mother of onam.

I Chronicles 2:27 the sons of ram, the child of jerachmeel, were maas, jamin, and eker.

I Chronicles 2:28 the sons of onam were shammai and jada. the sons of shammai were nadab and abisur.

I Chronicles 2:29 the wife of abisur ' s wife was abihail, and she gave him achban and molid.

I Chronicles 2:30 the sons of nadab were seled and appaim. seled died without children.

I Chronicles 2:31 the sons of appaim was jisalel. the son of jedael was sesan, and the son of sesan was ahlai.

I Chronicles 2:32 the sons of jada, the brother of shammai, had jeter and jonatan. jeter died without children.

I Chronicles 2:33 the sons of jonatan were peleth and zaza. these were jerahmeel ' el sons.

I Chronicles 2:34 sesan had no sons, but only daughters. sesan had a egypt slave, whose name was jarha.

I Chronicles 2:35 so sesan gave his daughter to his servant jarha as a wife, and she gave him attai.

I Chronicles 2:36 attai became the father of nathan, nathan the father of zabad,

I Chronicles 2:37 zabad the father of eflal, eflal the father of obed,

I Chronicles 2:38 obed the father of jehu, jehu the father of azarja,

I Chronicles 2:39 azarja the father of heles, heles the father of eleasa,

I Chronicles 2:40 eleasa the father of sismai, sismai the father of sallum,

I Chronicles 2:41 sallum the father of jekamja, jekamja the father of elisama.

I Chronicles 2:42 the sons of caleb, the brother of jerahmeel, was marsa his firstborn, who was the father of zif. maresa was the father of hebron.

I Chronicles 2:43 the sons of hebron were : korah, tappuah, rekem, and sema.

I Chronicles 2:44 shema the father of raham, the father of jorkeam, rekem the father of shammai.

I Chronicles 2:45 maon was the son of maon, and maon was the father of bethzur.

I Chronicles 2:46 efa, the new of caleb, became the father of haran, mosa, and gazez. haran became the father of gazez.

I Chronicles 2:47 the sons of jahdai were regem, jotam, gessom, pelet, efa, and shaaf.

I Chronicles 2:48 maaca, the new new of caleb, gave the father of sheber and tirhana.

I Chronicles 2:49 she also gave the father of saaph, the father of makbena and the father of gibeah. kaleb ' s daughter was aksa.

I Chronicles 2:50 these were the sons of kaleb. the sons of hur the eerstgeborene of ephrata were : sobal, the father of kiriat-jearim,

I Chronicles 2:51 solomon, the father of bethlehem ; jearim, the father of bethgedor.

I Chronicles 2:52 sobal, the father of kiriathiarim, were hare, haroe, and hammanith.

I Chronicles 2:53 the familes of kirjat-jearim were : the jitrians, the putitians, the sumatians, and the misraititians. from these people the soratitians and the esthaolitians.

I Chronicles 2:54 the sons of solomon : bethlehem, netofates, ataroth, the house of joab, and the half of the manahates, sortaheus.

I Chronicles 2:55 the counts of the experts in the law in jabes were the thargataies, semaniim, sochatiim. these were the keneans who came from hamma, the father of the family of recab.

I Chronicles 3:1 these were the sons of david who were fathered to him in hebron : amnon, the firstborn, by ahinoam the jezirelita, the second daniel, by abigail the karmelita,

I Chronicles 3:2 the third was absalom, the son of maacha, the daughter of talmai, king of geshur, the fourth adonija, the son of haggith,

I Chronicles 3:3 the fifth sefatja, by abital ; the sixth was jitream, by his wife egla.

I Chronicles 3:4 there were three fathers to him in hebron. he reigned there seven years and sex months, and in jerusalem he reigned thirty and three years.

I Chronicles 3:5 these were the people who became to him in jerusalem : sammua, sobab, nathan, and salomo, four of bath-sheba the daughter of ammiel.

I Chronicles 3:6 jibhar, elisama, elifelet,

I Chronicles 3:7 noga, nefeg, jafia,

I Chronicles 3:8 elisama, eliada, and elifelet, night.

I Chronicles 3:9 these were all the sons of david except the parents sons. thamar was their sister.

I Chronicles 3:10 the son of salomon was rehabeam, his son was abia, the son of asa, his son josafat,

I Chronicles 3:11 his son was joram, the son of ahazia, the son of joas,

I Chronicles 3:12 his son was amasija, his son was azarja, his son was jotham,

I Chronicles 3:13 his son was achaz, his son was hezejah, his son was manasseh,

I Chronicles 3:14 his son was amon, his son was josia.

I Chronicles 3:15 yosiah ' s sons were johanan, the firstborn, jojakim, the third, zedekia, the fourth sallum.

I Chronicles 3:16 the sons of jojakim was jechonias his son, zedekiah his son.

I Chronicles 3:17 the sons of jechonias were : assir, his son sealtiel,

I Chronicles 3:18 malchiram, pedaja, senassar, jekamja, hosama, and nedabja.

I Chronicles 3:19 the sons of pedajah : serubbabel and shimei. the sons of serubbabel : mesullam and hananja ; their sister was selomit.

I Chronicles 3:20 and hasuba, ohel, berechia, hasadia, and jusab-hesed, five.

I Chronicles 3:21 the sons of hanania was pelatja, jesaias, the son of refaja, the son of arauna, the son of obadja, the son of shechaniah.

I Chronicles 3:22 the son of sechania was semaja. the sons of semaja were hattus, jigal, bariah, nearja, and shahath, sex.

I Chronicles 3:23 the sons of nearia were elioenai, hezekiah, and azrikam, three.

I Chronicles 3:24 the sons of elioenai : hodavija, elijashib, pelaja, akkub, johanan, delaja, and anani, seven.

I Chronicles 4:1 the sons of judah were peres, hesron, karmi, hur, sobal,

I Chronicles 4:2 reaja, the son of sobal, was the father of jahath, jahat the father of ahumai and lahad. these were the familles of the sorathits.

I Chronicles 4:3 these were the sons of etam : jizreel, jisma, and jidbash, and their sister ' s sister was hacalelponi.

I Chronicles 4:4 fanuel, the father of gedor, and ezer the father of asa. these were the sons of hur the firstborn of ephrata, the father of bethlehem.

I Chronicles 4:5 ashhur, the father of tekoa, had two wives : hela and naara.

I Chronicles 4:6 naara gave to him ahuzam, hefer, teman, and ahastari. these were the sons of naara.

I Chronicles 4:7 the sons of thoada were sereth, zohar, etnan.

I Chronicles 4:8 kos the father of anub and sobeba and the familes of aharhel, the son of harum.

I Chronicles 4:9 jabes was greater than his brothers. his mother named him jabes, saying, " i have fathered him like a cald. "

I Chronicles 4:10 then jabes called the god of israel and said, " if you blessed me, you will increase my region, and may your hand be with me and make me knowledge from the affliction from me ! " so god gave me what he asked.

I Chronicles 4:11 caleb, the father of salah, became the father of mahir, who was the father of eshton.

I Chronicles 4:12 esthon the father of bet-rafa, paseach, and tehinna, the father of ir-nahas. these were the people of recha.

I Chronicles 4:13 the sons of kenaz were othniel and seraja. otniel ' s son was hatath.

I Chronicles 4:14 meonotaj the father of ofra, seraja the father of joab, the father of the field of the sea, because they were officers.

I Chronicles 4:15 the sons of caleb, the son of jefunne, was : era, ela and naam. the sons of ela was kenez.

I Chronicles 4:16 the sons of jehalelel was : zif, zifa, tiria, and asarel.

I Chronicles 4:17 the sons of esra were jeter, mered, efer, and jalon. jeter became the father of mirjam, schmai, and jisbah, the father of esthemoa.

I Chronicles 4:18 now his jewish wife was the father of jered, the father of gedor, heber the father of socho, and jekutiel, the father of zanoah. these were the sons of bitia, the daughter of pharaoh, whom mered had taken.

I Chronicles 4:19 the sons of the wife of hodija, the sister of naham, was the father of keila the garmi, and esthemoa, the maachatita.

I Chronicles 4:20 the sons of simon were amnon, rinna, ben-hanan, and tilon. the sons of jishai was zohath and ben-zoheth.

I Chronicles 4:21 the sons of sela the son of judah : er the father of lecha, laada, the father of maresa, and the familes of the familes of ephrath from the house of ashuba,

I Chronicles 4:22 and jokim and the people of kozeba, joas and saraf who bound in moab, and jasubi-lehem. but these things are better.

I Chronicles 4:23 these were the regions, who live in netaim and gedera, and they bound there with the king in his service.

I Chronicles 4:24 the sons of simeon : nemuel, jamin, jarib, zera, saul,

I Chronicles 4:25 his son was sallum, the son was mibsam, the son was misma.

I Chronicles 4:26 the son of ammuel : his son ammuel, his son zakkur, his son shimei.

I Chronicles 4:27 simei had seventh sons and sexth daughters. but his brothers were not many sons, and all their familes were not like the people of judah.

I Chronicles 4:28 they were in berseba, molada, hazar-sual,

I Chronicles 4:29 bilha, esem, tholad,

I Chronicles 4:30 bethuel, horma, ziklag,

I Chronicles 4:31 bet-markabot, hazar-susim, bet-bariba and searaim. these were their towns until david reigned.

I Chronicles 4:32 their villages were : etam, ain, rimmon, token, and asan, five cities.

I Chronicles 4:33 and all their villages that were around these towns until baal. these were their possessions and their genealogies.

I Chronicles 4:34 mesobab, jamlek, josia, the son of amasah,

I Chronicles 4:35 joel, jehu, the son of josibia, the son of seraja, the son of asiel,

I Chronicles 4:36 elioenai, jaakoba, jesohaja, asaja, adiel, jesimiel, benaia,

I Chronicles 4:37 and zeaza, son of shifai, son of allon, son of jedah, son of shimrai, son of semaja.

I Chronicles 4:38 these people named their name were rulers in their familes, and their families were increased in number.

I Chronicles 4:39 they went to the way to gedor, to the east of the late, to look for laves for their sheep.

I Chronicles 4:40 they found various and good women, and the land was free in their presence, peace, and self-control, because they were among the sons of cham who were there already.

I Chronicles 4:41 now these who were written in their name came in the days of hezekiah, king of judah, and died their homes, and destroyed the naunites who had found there, and destroyed them until this day, and assit in their place, because there was a lamp for their sheep.

I Chronicles 4:42 some of them, from the sons of simeon, went to the mountain of seir five hundred men, and their rulers were pelatja, nearja, refaja, and uzziel, the sons of jihas.

I Chronicles 4:43 they struck the rest of the amaleks ' s rest, and they live there until this day.

I Chronicles 5:1 the sons of ruben the firstborn of israel, for he was the firstborn. but when he went up to his father ' s bed, his blessing was given to the sons of joseph, the son of israel, but they were not divided to the firstborn.

I Chronicles 5:2 for judas was a powerful man among his brothers, and from him he was a ruler, but the blessing was to joseph.

I Chronicles 5:3 the sons of ruben, the firstborn of israel, was : hanoch, pallu, hesron and karmi.

I Chronicles 5:4 the sons of joel : his son semaja ; his son gog ; his son shimei ;

I Chronicles 5:5 his son was micha, the son was reaja, his son was baal,

I Chronicles 5:6 his son beera, whom taglat-pileser, king of assyrien, had brought captive. he was the ruler of the rubenies.

I Chronicles 5:7 his brothers and sisters, their families, in their genealogies, in their genealogies, were joel, the first, zechariah,

I Chronicles 5:8 bela, the son of azaz, the son of shema, the son of joel. he habited in aroer until nebo and baal-meon.

I Chronicles 5:9 and on the east he spoke to the east of the wilderness from the river euphrat, because their lops were many in the land of gilead.

I Chronicles 5:10 at saul ' s days they committed a battle against the hagarites, and they fell in their hand, and they live in their tents in all the orient region of gilead.

I Chronicles 5:11 the people of gad habited before them in the region of basan until salka :

I Chronicles 5:12 joel the first, and sapham the second, so janai and janai in basan.

I Chronicles 5:13 their brothers and sisters, for their families, were : mikael, mesullam, seba, jorai, jakan, zia, and eber, seven.

I Chronicles 5:14 these were the sons of abihail, son of uri, son of jadai, son of gilead, son of michael, son of jesahas, son of jotham,

I Chronicles 5:15 the son of abdiel, the son of guni, a child of their familes.

I Chronicles 5:16 they remained in gilead, in basan, and in their villages, and in all the regions of saron until they went out.

I Chronicles 5:17 these were all conscriptations in the days of jotham, king of judah, and in the days of jeroboam, king of israel.

I Chronicles 5:18 the people of ruben and gad and the half tribe of manassih were a encouraged people who carried slangures and sword, who gathered the bound and were instructed for battle, were four and four thousand seven hundred sexty-sexty people out to a battle.

I Chronicles 5:19 they began to make battle with the hagarenos, jetur, nafis, and nodab.

I Chronicles 5:20 they were strengthened against them, and the hagarites and all their lives were given in their hands, because they were shouting god in the battle, and he heard them because they were confident in him.

I Chronicles 5:21 they captived their children, five thousand camels, two hundred fifty sheep, two thousand esels and two thousand people.

I Chronicles 5:22 many were seated, because the battle was from god. they residned in their place until transportation.

I Chronicles 5:23 the people of the half tribe of manasseh habited in the land from basan until baal-hermon, senir, and the mountain hermon. they were great.

I Chronicles 5:24 these were the families of their families : efer, jisi, eliel, azriel, jirmeja, hodaviah, jadiel, and jahdiel, large powerful men, name of name, rulers of their families.

I Chronicles 5:25 but they rebelled the god of their ancestors, and they prostituted with the god of the people of the land that god had distroyed from their presence.

I Chronicles 5:26 so the god of israel raised the spirit of phaloch the king of assyrie, and the spirit of tiglat-pileser, king of assyrien, who captived the rubenians, the gadites, and the halve tribe of the manassih, and brought them to halach, habor, hara, and the river of gozan, where they are to this day.

I Chronicles 6:1 in the number of them : the sons of levi : gerson, kehat, and merari.

I Chronicles 6:2 the descendants of the thousand : the sons of kahath : amram, jizhar, hebron, and uzziel.

I Chronicles 6:3 aaron and moses, and marjam were the sons of amram. the sons of aaron were nadab, abihu, eleazar, and ithamar.

I Chronicles 6:4 eleatsar became the father of phinehas, phinehas the father of abisua,

I Chronicles 6:5 in the order of abisua, abisua the father of bukki, bukki the father of uzsi,

I Chronicles 6:6 jozi was the father of uzzi, serahja the father of meraiah,

I Chronicles 6:7 horakim ' s father was, meraiah the father of amaria, amarja the father of ahitub,

I Chronicles 6:8 jehubib ' s father, achitob the father of zadok, zadok the father of ahimaas,

I Chronicles 6:9 ahimaas and ahimaas the father of azarja, azarja the father of johanan,

I Chronicles 6:10 johanan became the father of yohanan, azarias was the father of azarja, who became a priest in the house that solomon built in jerusalem.

I Chronicles 6:11 jouzarias was the father of amarias, amarja the father of ahitub,

I Chronicles 6:12 jehubib ' s father, achitub the father of zadok, zadok the father of sallum,

I Chronicles 6:13 jeallum became the father of hilkija, hilkija the father of azarja,

I Chronicles 6:14 hozarias was the father of seraja, seraja the father of josadak,

I Chronicles 6:15 jesadak and josadak went back, when the lord transported judah and jerusalem through nebukadnessar.

I Chronicles 6:16 whether of the sons of levi were gerson, kehat, and merari.

I Chronicles 6:17 the name of the sons of gershon was : libni and simei.

I Chronicles 6:18 some of the sons of kehat : amram, jizhar, hebron, and uzziel.

I Chronicles 6:19 sure of the sons of merari : mahli and musi. these are the familes of levi, according to their familes.

I Chronicles 6:20 the erders of gerson was : his son was libni ; his son was jahat, his son zimma,

I Chronicles 6:21 his son was joah ; his son was iddo ; his son was zerah, his son was jeatrai.

I Chronicles 6:22 the sons of kahath : his son amminadab ; his son korah ; his son assir,

I Chronicles 6:23 his son was elkana, the son of ebiasaph ; his son was assir,

I Chronicles 6:24 his son was hamtat, the son was uriel, uriel ' s son, and his son saul.

I Chronicles 6:25 steph. the sons of elkana were amasai and ahimoth.

I Chronicles 6:26 his son was elkana : his son was sofai, his son was nahath,

I Chronicles 6:27 his son was elijah, his son was jeroham, jeroham his son, elkana his son,

I Chronicles 6:28 something of the sons of samuel : yoel, the first, and abia.

I Chronicles 6:29 the descendants of merari : mahli ; his son was libni, his son was shimei, his son uzza,

I Chronicles 6:30 his son was simea ; his son was haggia ; his son was haggia.

I Chronicles 6:31 thus these people, whom david constited to cance in the house of the lord, when the ark was required.

I Chronicles 6:32 they were in order with instruments to serve in the presence of the tabernacle of the testimony until solomon aedificted the temple of the lord in jerusalem. they stood in their service according to their determination.

I Chronicles 6:33 heman, the healer, son of joel, son of samuel, were of the people of kahath : heman the cander, the son of joel, son of samuel,

I Chronicles 6:34 son of joneah, son of jeroham, son of eliel, son of toah,

I Chronicles 6:35 son of marua, son of elkana, son of mahath, son of amasah,

I Chronicles 6:36 speaking, son of elkana, son of joel, son of azarja, son of sefanja,

I Chronicles 6:37 son of tahat, son of assir, son of abiasaph, son of korah,

I Chronicles 6:38 son of jonehar, son of kehat, son of levi, son of israel.

I Chronicles 6:39 asf and his brother asaf, who stood at his right hand, was asaf, the son of berechias, the son of shimea,

I Chronicles 6:40 god ' s son, the son of michael, the son of baassia, the son of malchija,

I Chronicles 6:41 john ' s son, the son of zerah, the son of adaah,

I Chronicles 6:42 god ' s son, the son of ethan, the son of zimma, the son of shimei,

I Chronicles 6:43 john ' s son, the son of gerson, the son of levi.

I Chronicles 6:44 their brothers and their brothers, the sons of merari, were at the left. ethan, son of kish, son of abdi, son of malluk,

I Chronicles 6:45 john, the son of hababah, the son of amasja, the son of hilkija,

I Chronicles 6:46 the lord ' s son, the son of bani, the son of bani, the son of shemer,

I Chronicles 6:47 sin of mahli, son of musi, son of merari, son of levi.

I Chronicles 6:48 among them and their brothers and their brothers, the lévites, have been given to every service of the tabernacle of the temple of god.

I Chronicles 6:49 while aaron and his sons were offering incense on the altar of the brance and on the incense of incense, to all the works of the högh-holy place and to make the reconciliation for israel, as moses the servant of god had commanded.

I Chronicles 6:50 the people of aaron were in the region. these were the sons of aaron : his son eleazar, his son phinhas, his son abisua,

I Chronicles 6:51 his son was generous, his son was ussi ; his son was uzzi, his son was zerahja,

I Chronicles 6:52 his son was maroth, meraiah his son, ahitub his son, ahitub his son,

I Chronicles 6:53 his son was jomakim ; his son was ahimaas.

I Chronicles 6:54 in the district of the countryside, and these are their towns in their villages, in their regions : to the sons of aaron, of the familes of the kahathites, for the lot was given for them.

I Chronicles 6:55 and they gave them hebron in the region of judah and its groubs around it.

I Chronicles 6:56 the countryside of the city and its villages they gave to caleb, the son of jefunne.

I Chronicles 6:57 the people of the people of aaron : hebron, libna with its loadings, libna with its lives, jattir, esthemoa, and esthemoa,

I Chronicles 6:58 tabir, jattir, debir, and rebir with its locures,

I Chronicles 6:59 assan, asan, and gath-semes with its locures, and betsemes with its locures,

I Chronicles 6:60 from the tribe of benjamin, from the tribe of benjamin, geba with its locures, alemet with its growns, and anatot with its lives. all their towns were treunteen of their familes.

I Chronicles 6:61 the rest of the people of kahath, from the family of the tribe of the tribe of the manasseh, from the half tribe of manasseh.

I Chronicles 6:62 in the region of the regions of gerson and for their familes, from the tribe of issachar, of the tribe of asser, from the tribe of nafttali, and from the tribe of manasseh in basan.

I Chronicles 6:63 in the region of the regions of merari and for their familes, from the tribe of ruben, from the tribe of gad, and from the tribe of zebulun.

I Chronicles 6:64 the people of israel gave the city and their loadings to the levites.

I Chronicles 6:65 " from the tribe of the people of judah, from the tribe of the sons of judah, from the tribe of the sons of simeon, and from the tribe of the sons of simeon.

I Chronicles 6:66 in the number of the familes of the sons of kahath there will be the cities of their territory from the tribe of ephraim.

I Chronicles 6:67 in the number of thousand, they gave to him the city of refugio, sikem with its lives in the mountain of ephraim, gezer with its lives,

I Chronicles 6:68 this is the number of number, jokneam with its loaves, bet-horon with its loaves,

I Chronicles 6:69 thulon with its locures, gath-rimmon with its locures,

I Chronicles 6:70 from the half of the tribe of manasseh, from the half of the tribe of manasseh, aner with its growns, gath-bileam with its growns, to the family of the rest of the people of kahath.

I Chronicles 6:71 " for the gifts of the gerson, from the family of the half tribe of manasseh, of the family of the half tribe of manasseh, golan in basan with its lives, and astaroth with its sews.

I Chronicles 6:72 from the tribe of issachar, kedes with its locures, dobrath with its lives,

I Chronicles 6:73 hobor and anem with its locures, and anem with its lives.

I Chronicles 6:74 from the tribe of asser, misal with its lives, abdon with its lives,

I Chronicles 6:75 thukok with its lives, rehob with its locures, rehob with its lives,

I Chronicles 6:76 from the tribe of nafttali, kedes in galilee with its loadings, hammon with its arresters, and kiriathaim with its locures,

I Chronicles 6:77 for the believers of the rest of the people of merari will be given : from the tribe of zebulun, rimmon with its lives, thabor with its lives,

I Chronicles 6:78 in the wilderness of jericho, from the other side of the jordan river, on the west of the jordan river, from the tribe of ruben, beser in the wilderness with its lives, jattir, jattir,

I Chronicles 6:79 asmoth, kedemoth, and mephaath with its lives,

I Chronicles 6:80 from the tribe of gad - ramoth in gilead, with its lives, mahanaim with its loadings,

I Chronicles 6:81 asebon and hesbon with its locures, jazer with its locures,

I Chronicles 7:1 the sons of issachar were thola, pua, jasub, and simron, four.

I Chronicles 7:2 the sons of tola were ussi, refaja, jeriel, jachmai, jibsam and samuel, rulers of their families from tola, strictful stricts in their genealoges. their number in the days of david were twenty-two thousand.

I Chronicles 7:3 the son of uzzi was jehosriah. the sons of jezria was michael, obadja, joel, and jesija, five rulers.

I Chronicles 7:4 and there were a number of thirty and six thousand people in their genealogs, for they were many women and sons.

I Chronicles 7:5 and their brothers, in all the familes of isssachar, large powerful, were a number of eighty-seven thousand.

I Chronicles 7:6 benjamin was three : bela, beker and jediael, three.

I Chronicles 7:7 the sons of bela were esbon, ussi, usziel, jerimoth, and uri, five families of their family, large powerful. in number of them were twenty-two thousand and thirty and four.

I Chronicles 7:8 the sons of beker were zemira, joas, eliezer, elioenai, omri, jerimot, abija, anatot and alemet. these all were the sons of beker.

I Chronicles 7:9 the number of them, in their descendants, were the rulers of their families, large powerful, were twenty thousand and two hundred.

I Chronicles 7:10 the sons of jediael was bilhan. the sons of bilhan was jeus, benjamin, ehud, kenaana, zethan, tarsis, and ahisahar.

I Chronicles 7:11 these were all the sons of jediael, families of families, strict of power, were seventy-seven thousand who were going out to make to battle.

I Chronicles 7:12 huppim and huppim were the sons of husam. husam was the son of aher.

I Chronicles 7:13 the sons of neftali : jahasiel, guni, jeser and sallum, the sons of bilha.

I Chronicles 7:14 the sons of manasseh was asriel, whom his araman new had given. she gave the father of gilead machir.

I Chronicles 7:15 machir took a wife to huppim and suppim, and his sister ' s name was maacha. the name of the second was selpahad. selpahad had a daughter.

I Chronicles 7:16 maaca, a wife of machir, gave a son, whom she named peres. his brother was seres, his son was ulam and ulam.

I Chronicles 7:17 ullam ' s son was bedan. these were the sons of gilead, the son of machir, son of manasseh.

I Chronicles 7:18 his sister molecheth became the father of ishod, abiezer, and mahla.

I Chronicles 7:19 the sons of shemida were achjan, shekem, likhi, and aniam.

I Chronicles 7:20 the sons of ephraim : suthelah, his son bered, his son tahat, his son elada, his son tahat,

I Chronicles 7:21 his son zabad, his son shutelah, ezer and elead. the people of gath, who were born in the land, killed them because they went down to take their businds.

I Chronicles 7:22 their father ephraim mourned many days, and his brothers came to exhort him.

I Chronicles 7:23 so he entered his wife, and she became birth and gave birth to a son, whom he named beria because there was afflicted in his house.

I Chronicles 7:24 his son was sheera. she bought the near and the above bet-horon and uzzen-seera.

I Chronicles 7:25 refah was his son : resef, his son telah, his son tahan,

I Chronicles 7:26 his son was ladan, the son was ammihud, ammihud was his son,

I Chronicles 7:27 his son was noum, the son was joshua.

I Chronicles 7:28 their possession and their household were bethhel with its villages, on the east naaran, west of gezer with its villages, and shekem with its villages until gaza with its villages.

I Chronicles 7:29 and in the region of the sons of manasseah was : beth-sean with its villages, taanach with its villages, megiddo with its villages. in these possessions the sons of joseph, the son of israel.

I Chronicles 7:30 the sons of aser : jimna, jisva, jisva, beria, and serah their sister.

I Chronicles 7:31 the sons of beria were heber and malchiel. he was the father of birzaith.

I Chronicles 7:32 heber became the father of japhlet, somer, hotham, and sua sister suah.

I Chronicles 7:33 the sons of jafleth was : pasak, bimhal, and asvat. these were the sons of japhlet.

I Chronicles 7:34 the sons of shemer were ahi, rohga, jebba, and aram.

I Chronicles 7:35 and his brother helem was : sopha, jimna, shelesh, and amal.

I Chronicles 7:36 the sons of sopha : suah, harnefer, sual, beri, jimra,

I Chronicles 7:37 beser, hod, samma, silsa, jitran and beera.

I Chronicles 7:38 the sons of jeter were jefunne, pispa, and ara.

I Chronicles 7:39 the sons of ulla were arah, hanniel, and rizsia.

I Chronicles 7:40 these were all the sons of asser, the rulers of the familes, eleved, strict of power, rulers of the rulers. their number were a number of twenty-six thousand.

I Chronicles 8:1 benjamin became the father of bela his firstborn, asbel the second, aarah the third,

I Chronicles 8:2 the fourth noha, the fifth rafa.

I Chronicles 8:3 the sons of bela were addar, gera, abihud,

I Chronicles 8:4 abisua, naaman, ahoah,

I Chronicles 8:5 gera, sefufan, huram.

I Chronicles 8:6 these were the sons of ehud, who were the families of the familes of the inhabitants of geba, who transported them to manahath,

I Chronicles 8:7 naaman, ahija, gera. he led them away. he became the father of uzana and ahihud.

I Chronicles 8:8 sacharaim became the father in moab, after he had sent his wife husim and baara.

I Chronicles 8:9 he became the child of his wife hodes : jobab, sibja, mesa, malkam,

I Chronicles 8:10 jeus, sachija, mirma. these were his sons, families of families.

I Chronicles 8:11 from husim he became the father of abitob and elpaal.

I Chronicles 8:12 and the sons of elpaal : eber, misam, shemer. this was the one who built ono, lod and her villages.

I Chronicles 8:13 beria and sema were the families of the familes of the inhabitants of ajalon. they persecuted the inhabitants of gath.

I Chronicles 8:14 ahio, sasak, jeremot,

I Chronicles 8:15 zebadja, arad, eder,

I Chronicles 8:16 michael, jispa, joha, the sons of beria.

I Chronicles 8:17 zebadja, mesullam, hizki, heber,

I Chronicles 8:18 jismerai, jislia, and jobab were elpaal sons.

I Chronicles 8:19 jakim, zikri, zabdi,

I Chronicles 8:20 elienai, silleth, eliel,

I Chronicles 8:21 adaja, beraia, simrath, the sons of shemah.

I Chronicles 8:22 jispan, eber, eliel,

I Chronicles 8:23 abdon, zikri, hanan,

I Chronicles 8:24 hananja, elam, antotiah,

I Chronicles 8:25 jifdeja and penuel were the sons of sasak.

I Chronicles 8:26 shamserai, seharja, atalja,

I Chronicles 8:27 jaaresaias, elijah, zikri, the sons of jeroham.

I Chronicles 8:28 these were the families of familes, rulers in their generations. they habited in jerusalem.

I Chronicles 8:29 now in gibeon was the father of gibeon, and his wife was named maacha.

I Chronicles 8:30 his firstborn son was abdon, and suur, kis, baal, nadab,

I Chronicles 8:31 gedor, achjo, zecher and miklot.

I Chronicles 8:32 mikloth the father of shema. they also bound before their brothers in jerusalem with their brothers.

I Chronicles 8:33 ner the father of kis, kis the father of saul, saul the father of jonatan, malchichua, abinadab, and esbaal.

I Chronicles 8:34 the son of jonatan was meribbaal, and meribbaal the father of micha.

I Chronicles 8:35 the sons of micha were piton, melech, tarea, ahaz.

I Chronicles 8:36 ahaz the father of joadda, joadda the father of alemet, azmaveth, zimri, zimri the father of mosa,

I Chronicles 8:37 moza was the father of bina. his son was refaja, his son was elasa, his son was azel.

I Chronicles 8:38 asel had seventy sons, and these were their names : azrikam, bokeru, jismael, shearja, obadja, and hanan. these all were the sons of azel.

I Chronicles 8:39 his brother hasel ' s sons were : ulam his firstborn, jeus the second, eliphelet the third.

I Chronicles 8:40 the sons of ulam were large powerful men, who spied the bound. they had many sons and children, hundred and fifty. all these were of the benjaminites.

I Chronicles 9:1 now all the people of israel were conscripted in genealogies, and they are written in the scroll of the kings of israel. juda was transported to babylon because of their transgressions.

I Chronicles 9:2 the first people who remained in their possessions in their towns in their towns were the israelites, the priests, the levies, and the temple temple.

I Chronicles 9:3 now there was in jerusalem among the people of judah, benjamin, ephraim, and manasseh.

I Chronicles 9:4 gathi, son of amiud, son of amri, son of peres, son of judah,

I Chronicles 9:5 from the shelonians : asaia the first child, and his sons.

I Chronicles 9:6 from the sons of zerah, jeuel and their brothers, six hundred and ninty.

I Chronicles 9:7 from the benjaminites : sallu, the son of mesullam, the son of hodavia, son of hassenua,

I Chronicles 9:8 and jibneja, the son of jeroham ; ela, the son of uzzi, the son of machyr, and messallam, the son of sefatja, the son of reuel,

I Chronicles 9:9 and their brothers and sisters according to their familes were nive hundred fifty-six. all these men were the families of their families.

I Chronicles 9:10 from the priests : jedaja, jojarib, jachin,

I Chronicles 9:11 and azarja, son of hilkia, son of mesullam, son of zadok, son of meraioth, son of ahitub, furstarer in the house of god,

I Chronicles 9:12 and adaja, son of jeroham, son of pashur, son of malchija, and maaseja, son of adiel, son of jediah, son of mesullam, son of mesalmaveth, son of immer.

I Chronicles 9:13 and their brothers, the families of their families, were two hundred seventy-sexty, who were powerful for the service of the temple of god.

I Chronicles 9:14 from the lévites : semaja, son of hassub, son of azrikam, son of hasabbia, of the merarites,

I Chronicles 9:15 bakbakar, heres, galal, mattanias, son of micha, son of zikri, son of asaph ;

I Chronicles 9:16 obadja, son of semaja, the son of galal, the son of jeduthun, berechiah, son of hosa, the son of elkana, who lived in the villages of netofath.

I Chronicles 9:17 the portakers : sallum, akkub, talmon, ahiman and their brothers. sallum was the first.

I Chronicles 9:18 until now there there is in the palace of the king, on the east of the east. these were the porteurs of the leaders of the levievs.

I Chronicles 9:19 sallum the son of korah, a son of ebjasaf, the son of korah, and his brothers from the house of his father, the korahits, were over the service of the service of the tabernacle, while their ancestors were guarding the camp of the lord.

I Chronicles 9:20 finehas, the son of eleazar, was first their rulers, and the lord was with him.

I Chronicles 9:21 zechariah, the son of meselemah, was a porter by the door of the tent of testimony.

I Chronicles 9:22 all they were chosen by the portars of the gates were two hundred and two. they were in their genealogies in their towns. david and the seer samuel had constited them in their faith.

I Chronicles 9:23 they and their sons were guarding the ports of the temple of the lord, the house of the tabernacle, to guard.

I Chronicles 9:24 the porters were on the four winds : on the west, the west, the nord, and the negev.

I Chronicles 9:25 their brothers, who were in their towns, were to enter with them in seven days after seven days.

I Chronicles 9:26 for the four held of the officials, the lévites, were in faith. they were over the portices and the treasurs of the house of god.

I Chronicles 9:27 they were looking around around the house of god, because the guard was on them, and they were to open the door of the temple of the temple.

I Chronicles 9:28 some of them were proclaimed of the powers of the service, because they were brought them in a number and brought them out in number.

I Chronicles 9:29 some of them were practicing the utenwers, all the things sanctuary, the fish of fish, the wine, the olive oil, the incense, and the aromatic cloaks.

I Chronicles 9:30 some of the priests ' s sons were proclaimed for the aromatic spices.

I Chronicles 9:31 mattitia, a one of the lévites, the firstborn of sallum the korah, was concerning the work of the high priest ' s plance.

I Chronicles 9:32 some of the kehatites, some of their brothers, were opposed for the sacred bread to preparing them every sabbath.

I Chronicles 9:33 and these were the citers, the families of the familes of the levitians were districted in their arms day and night.

I Chronicles 9:34 these were the families of the familes of the levites, rulers in their generations. they habited in jerusalem.

I Chronicles 9:35 in gibeon bound jeiel, the father of gibeon. his wife was maacha,

I Chronicles 9:36 his firstborn son was abdon, then sur, kis, baal, ner, nadab,

I Chronicles 9:37 gedor, ahio, zechariah, and miklot.

I Chronicles 9:38 micloth the father of shimea. they also bound among their brothers in jerusalem with their brothers.

I Chronicles 9:39 ner the father of kis, kis the father of saul, saul the father of jonatan, malchichua, abinadab, and esbaal.

I Chronicles 9:40 the son of jonatan was meribbaal, and meribbaal the father of micha.

I Chronicles 9:41 the sons of micha were piton, melek, tharakh.

I Chronicles 9:42 ahaz the father of jaara, jaara the father of alemet, azmaveth, zimri, zimri the father of moza,

I Chronicles 9:43 motsa was the father of bina. his son was refaja, his son was eleasa, his son was azel.

I Chronicles 9:44 asel had seventy sons, and these were their names : azrikam, bochru, jismael, shearia, obadja, and hanan. these were the sons of asel.

I Chronicles 10:1 now the philistins streyed against israel, and the people flow before the philistins, and there were dead in the mountain of gilboa.

I Chronicles 10:2 the philistijens persecuted saul and his sons, and they killed jonatan, abinadab, and malchichua, saul ' s sons.

I Chronicles 10:3 the strict became hard against saul, and the bound found him, and he became hard of the bound.

I Chronicles 10:4 then saul said to his waffenser, " take your sword and stop me with it, so that these uncircumcised people do not come and swear me. " but his waffenser would not, for he was greatly afraid. then saul took his sword and fell on it.

I Chronicles 10:5 when his wadow saw that saul was dead, he also fell on his sword and died.

I Chronicles 10:6 so saul and his three sons were died at that day, and all his familes died together.

I Chronicles 10:7 when the people of israel who were in the dal saw that they were flow and that saul and his sons were dead, they left their towns and flowed. then the philistijs came and bowed in them.

I Chronicles 10:8 the next day the philistians came to leave those who had been killed, and they found saul and his sons falling on the mountain of gilboa.

I Chronicles 10:9 so they threw him away, took his head and his arms and sent to the country of the filistijs to proclaim the good news to their idols and to the people.

I Chronicles 10:10 they put his mifts in the house of their gods, and his head they put in the house of dagon.

I Chronicles 10:11 now when all the people in gilead heard everything the philistes had done for saul,

I Chronicles 10:12 then all the held people stood and took saul and his sons the body and brought them to jabes. they buried their bears under the terebinth in jabes and fasting seven days.

I Chronicles 10:13 so saul stierned because of his transgression that he had committed against the lord, because he did not obey the message of the lord.

I Chronicles 10:14 but not looking for the lord. so david died him, and returned the kingdom to david, the son of isaes.

I Chronicles 11:1 then all the people of israel came to david in hebron, saying, " look, we are your bear and your flesh.

I Chronicles 11:2 even before, while saul was a king, you going out and gather israel out. and the lord your god said to you, ' you will shepherd my people israel, and you will be a ruler over my people israel. ' "

I Chronicles 11:3 so all the elders of israel came to the king in hebron, and david made a covenant with them in hebron before the lord. so they anointed david as king over israel according to the message of the lord through samuel.

I Chronicles 11:4 so david and the whole israel went to jerusalem ( that is jebus ). the jebuseans were there, the inhabitants of the land.

I Chronicles 11:5 the inhabitants of jebus said to david, " you will not enter here. " but david took possession of zion, that is the city of david.

I Chronicles 11:6 david said, " whoever first sees the jebuseans will be a ruler and a ruler. " then joab, the son of zeruja, first went up against him, and so he became a ruler.

I Chronicles 11:7 so david stood in the roof, and because of this it called the city of david.

I Chronicles 11:8 so he rebuked the city along around, and jerusalem walked and took the city.

I Chronicles 11:9 so david became already greater, and the lord of the leaders was with him.

I Chronicles 11:10 these are the rulers of the held of david who were strengthened with him in his kingdom with all the israelites, to make him king according to the message of the lord about israel.

I Chronicles 11:11 this is the number of the held of david : jasebaal, the son of hachmoni, the first of the thirty. he seized his sword against three hundred and killed them in a single time.

I Chronicles 11:12 after him was eleazar, the son of dodo the ahohita, one of the three held.

I Chronicles 11:13 he was with david in pas-damim, where the philistins had assembled there to battle. there was a part of the field full of gerse, and the people flowed off of the philisters.

I Chronicles 11:14 but they stood in the middle of the part and saved it and struck the philisters. so the lord gave great salvation.

I Chronicles 11:15 then three of the thirty rulers went down on the rock to david into the spelonk of adullam, while the lame of the philistins had bound in the rooxe refaim.

I Chronicles 11:16 david was then in the berce, and the plan of the philistins was now in bethlehem.

I Chronicles 11:17 david became encouraged and said, " if anyone would give me water to drink from the cistery of bethlehem by the city ? "

I Chronicles 11:18 then the three threw off the camp of the philistins and washed water from the cistery of bethlehem, that was by the city, and took it and brought it to david. but david did not drink it, but washed it out to the lord

I Chronicles 11:19 and said, " let god make this way to me ! may i drink the blood of these men, because they have brought it with their own life. " so he did not drink it. these three helden did this.

I Chronicles 11:20 abisai, the brother of joab, was the ruler of the three. he struck his sword against three hundred and killed them. he was name among the three.

I Chronicles 11:21 he was greater than the three, and he became their ruler, but the three were not coming to the three.

I Chronicles 11:22 benaia, the son of jojada, a encouraged man from kabseel, had many works of works. he struck the two ariels of moab, and he went down and struck a leeul in a ground on a sabbath day.

I Chronicles 11:23 so he also struck a egyptian, a much man of five thousand, and the egypt had a spive in the hand of a weberer. but benaia descended down to him with a staff, rejected the spix from the hand of the egyptian and killed him with his spice.

I Chronicles 11:24 these things happened benaias, the son of joiada. he was name among the three helden.

I Chronicles 11:25 he was greater than the thirty. but he did not come to the three people. david constitned him over his officer.

I Chronicles 11:26 the miracles of the miracles were : asahel, the brother of joab ; elhanan, the son of dodo, from bethlehem,

I Chronicles 11:27 shammot from harod ; heles the pelonites ;

I Chronicles 11:28 ira, the son of ikkes, the tekohita, abiezer from anathoth ;

I Chronicles 11:29 sibbechai the ahohita, ilai the ahohita,

I Chronicles 11:30 maharai from netofa ; heled, the son of baana, the netophatita ;

I Chronicles 11:31 ithai, the son of ribai from gibea in the region of benjamin.

I Chronicles 11:32 hurai from nahale-gaash ; abiel from araba ;

I Chronicles 11:33 azmaveth the baharumita ; eliaba the saalbon ;

I Chronicles 11:34 the bene-haşem the gizonites ; jonatan, the son of shaage the hararites ;

I Chronicles 11:35 ahiam, the son of sachar the harar ; elifal, the son of our son ;

I Chronicles 11:36 hefer the mecheratita ; ahija the pelonites ;

I Chronicles 11:37 hezro the karmelites ; naarai, the son of ezbai ;

I Chronicles 11:38 joel, the brother of nathan, mibhar, the son of hagri,

I Chronicles 11:39 salek the ammonita ; nahor the bereroth, tocuver of joab, son of zeruja,

I Chronicles 11:40 ira the ithrites ; gareb the ithrites ;

I Chronicles 11:41 urias the hethita ; sabad, the son of ahla ;

I Chronicles 11:42 adina, the son of sayiza, the ruler of the rubeniete, and with him thirty ;

I Chronicles 11:43 hanan, the son of maacha ; josafat the mitniet ;

I Chronicles 11:44 uzija the astaroth ; shama and jeiel, the sons of hotam the aroer ;

I Chronicles 11:45 jediael, the son of simri, and joha his brother the tibes ;

I Chronicles 11:46 eliel the mahavim, jeribai and josnaah, the sons of elnaam, and jitma the moabita,

I Chronicles 11:47 eliel, obed, and jaasiel the mesobah.

I Chronicles 12:1 these were the people who came to david in siclag while he was still leading before saul, the son of kis. they were among the held who help him in the battle.

I Chronicles 12:2 they were thrown with a bound at his right hand and on his left and were thrown with stones and bound. some of saul ' s brothers from benjamin.

I Chronicles 12:3 ahiezer, the first, and joas, the sons of shemaa the gibean, jeziel and pelet, the sons of azmaveth, beracha, jehu the anatotitin,

I Chronicles 12:4 jismaja the gibeonita, a held among the thirty, and over the thirty officers was jeremia, jahaziel, johanan, yosabad the gederathiet,

I Chronicles 12:5 however : eluzai, jerimot, bealja, samaria, and sefatja the haruphita,

I Chronicles 12:6 elkana, jisua, azareel, joezer, and jasobeam, the korahites,

I Chronicles 12:7 korah, joela, zebadja, the sons of jeroham from gedor.

I Chronicles 12:8 from the gaditians they went apart to david in the wilderness, in the wilderness of the wilderness, stricted for the battle. their faces were like the face of leones, and lightning like gazels on the mountains.

I Chronicles 12:9 azer was the first, obadja the second, eliab the third,

I Chronicles 12:10 the fourth mismanna, the fourth, jirmeah the fifth,

I Chronicles 12:11 ittai the sixth, eliel the seventh,

I Chronicles 12:12 the fourth johanan, the nive was elzabad,

I Chronicles 12:13 the tighth jeraias, the eleventh makbannai,

I Chronicles 12:14 these were the rulers of the gadits of the gadits. the greatest is over hunty, and the greatest among tauty.

I Chronicles 12:15 " these are those who went over the jordan, in the first month, when he was fulfilled at all his flashes ? " and they persecuted all the inhabitants of the lagers, on the east and west.

I Chronicles 12:16 now some of the people of benjamin and juda came and came to david to help.

I Chronicles 12:17 whenever david went out to meet them, he said to them, " if you come to me with peace, my heart will be with you. but if you think to bring me over to my enemies without their hand, the god of our ancestors may see it and judge. "

I Chronicles 12:18 the spirit spread amasai, the ruler of the thirty, and said, " we are with you, david, and with you, son of jesse ! peace with you, and peace to your help, for your god help you ! " so david welcomed them and made them rulers of the leaders.

I Chronicles 12:19 when david went with the philistins to combation with saul, some of the people of manasseh, when he went with the philistins to strike against saul, but he did not help them, because the leaders of the philistians were conquered that they were saying, ' with their heads he will return to his lord saul. "

I Chronicles 12:20 when he was going to siclag, adnah, jozabad, jediael, mikael, josabad, elimouth, elihu, elihu, elihu, elimouth, elimouth, sillethai, chefs of thousand of manasseh.

I Chronicles 12:21 they also accompanied david against the lame, because they were all wear held, and they were rulers of the lame.

I Chronicles 12:22 for day for day they were coming to david for a great lame, like a power of god.

I Chronicles 12:23 these are the number of the rulers of the soldment, who came to david in hebron to return the kingdom of saul to him, according to the message of the lord.

I Chronicles 12:24 in the number of the people of judah, in fact, were sex thousand who were belonging to the strict.

I Chronicles 12:25 in the region of the sons of simeon, powerful stricts, were seven thousand and hundred.

I Chronicles 12:26 in the region of the people of levi was four thousand and six hundred.

I Chronicles 12:27 joiada, the ruler of the family of aaron, and with him were three thousand and seven hundred.

I Chronicles 12:28 cadok, a jew, wear held, and of his family of his family were twenty-two rulers.

I Chronicles 12:29 there are three thousand of those of the people of benjamin, the brothers of saul, three thousand. yet the more of them is still abandoned the house of saul.

I Chronicles 12:30 from the descendants of ephraim, twenty thousand of the descendants of ephraim, dapper held, believers in their families.

I Chronicles 12:31 from the half tribe of manasseh, eifteen thousand of the people of manasseh, who were named to go to go to make david king.

I Chronicles 12:32 from the descendants of issaschar, who were able to understand the times, to know what israel should make, two hundred rulers of their rulers, and all their brothers, who were with them.

I Chronicles 12:33 from zabulon, fifty thousand, who were going out to make battle, with all stricts of strict, fifty thousand ( five thousand ) to help david.

I Chronicles 12:34 from nafttali, thousand rulers, and with them were thirty and seven thousand.

I Chronicles 12:35 from the danitians, to battle, were twenty-eight thousand and six hundred.

I Chronicles 12:36 from the region of asser, suffering to make battle, were five thousand.

I Chronicles 12:37 from the region of the region, from the other side of the jordan river, from the rubenies, the gadites, and the half of the tribe of manasseh, a hundred and twenty-thousand.

I Chronicles 12:38 indeed, all these stricts, ordering in battle, came to hebron to make david king over all the people of israel. and all the rest of israel were with one mind to make david king.

I Chronicles 12:39 they were in the journey there, and they were there for three days, eating and drinking, because their brothers prepared for them.

I Chronicles 12:40 those who were by them, and those who were with them like issachar, zebulun, and neftali, brought their food in the camels, on the esels, on the muls, and on the bees, food, ficks, wine, olive, sheep, and sheep in abundance, because there was joy in israel.

I Chronicles 13:1 david consulted together with the commanding officers, centurions, and with all the rulers.

I Chronicles 13:2 then david said to the whole israel of israel, " if it is good for you and if it comes from the lord our god, let us send to our rest who are left in all the region of israel, with the priests and levits in their towns and possessions that they will assemble together to us.

I Chronicles 13:3 and let us bring the ark of our god to us, because we did not look for it in the time of saul. "

I Chronicles 13:4 the whole church said to do so, for it was right in the presence of all the people.

I Chronicles 13:5 so david gathered all the people of israel from the region of egypt until the way to hamath, to bring the ark of god from kirjat-jearim.

I Chronicles 13:6 so david and the whole israel went up to baala in baala in juda, to bring the ark of god, the lord, seated among the cherubs, where his name is called.

I Chronicles 13:7 then they put the ark of god on a new wheat from the house of abinadab, and uzza and ahio brought the wagn.

I Chronicles 13:8 david and all israel began to joie before god with all power and with cithers, harpas, tamburins, cymbalos, and trumpet.

I Chronicles 13:9 when they came to the room of aidon, uzza extended his hand to take the ark, because the bears had deceived it.

I Chronicles 13:10 then the anger of the lord flamed against uzza, and he struck him because he had extended his hand to the ark. so he died there before god.

I Chronicles 13:11 so david became troubled because the lord had destroyed uzza. so he called that place peres-uzza until this day.

I Chronicles 13:12 so david was afraid of god at that day and said, " how can i bring the ark of god to me ? "

I Chronicles 13:13 so david did not take the ark back to himself in the city of david, but brought it into the house of obed-edom the gath.

I Chronicles 13:14 so the ark of god remained in obed-edom ' s house three months. then god blessed obed-edom and everything he possessed.

I Chronicles 14:1 hiram king of tyre sent messagers to david, cedrs, wall, and timpens, to build a house for him.

I Chronicles 14:2 so david realized that the lord had confirmed him over israel, because his kingdom was revealed to high because of his people israel.

I Chronicles 14:3 david took more women in jerusalem, and david became more sons and daughters.

I Chronicles 14:4 these are the names of those who had fathered in jerusalem : sammua, sobab, nathan, solomon,

I Chronicles 14:5 jibhar, elisua, elifelet,

I Chronicles 14:6 nogah, nefeg, jafia,

I Chronicles 14:7 elisama, beeljada, elifelet.

I Chronicles 14:8 now when the philistians heard that david had been anointed to be king of all the people of israel, they went up to look for david. when david heard this, he went out to meet them.

I Chronicles 14:9 when the philistian came and spread in the vall of refaim.

I Chronicles 14:10 then david asked god, " should i ascend against the philistins ? will you give them in my hand ? " the lord replied, " ascend, for i will give them in your hand. "

I Chronicles 14:11 so they went up to baal-perazim, where david killed them. then david said, " god has broken my enemies in my hand, as the water trees off. " therefore the place was named baal-perasim.

I Chronicles 14:12 they left there their idols, and david told them to burn them with fire.

I Chronicles 14:13 but the philistins continued back and spread them in the ghaating of refaim.

I Chronicles 14:14 then david asked god again, " do not follow them, but keep away from them, and come to them along of the backs.

I Chronicles 14:15 when you hear the sound of the basken of the bases, then go out to the battle, for god has gone out before you to strike the lame of the philistins. "

I Chronicles 14:16 david did just as god had commanded him, and they struck the lame of the filistijs from gibeon to gezer.

I Chronicles 14:17 the name of david was revealed throughout all the regions, and the lord gave his fear over all the nations.

I Chronicles 15:1 he made homestors in the city of david and prepared a place for the ark of god and made a tabernacle for it.

I Chronicles 15:2 then david said, " there is no one to take the ark of god except the lévites, for the lord has chosen them to carry the ark of god and to serve it for ever. "

I Chronicles 15:3 so david gathered all the people of israel to jerusalem to bring the ark of the lord to the place he had prepared for it.

I Chronicles 15:4 so david gathered the people of aaron and the levies.

I Chronicles 15:5 of the sons of kahath, uriel the ruler, and his brothers, 120 ;

I Chronicles 15:6 of the sons of merari, asaja the ruler, and his brothers, two hundred and fifty ;

I Chronicles 15:7 of the sons of gersom, joel the ruler, and his brothers, 150 ;

I Chronicles 15:8 of the sons of elizafan, semaja the ruler, and his brothers, two hundred ;

I Chronicles 15:9 of the sons of hebron, eliel the ruler, and his brothers, eighty ;

I Chronicles 15:10 of the sons of uzziel, amminadab the ruler, and his brothers, 112.

I Chronicles 15:11 then david called the priests zadok and abiathar and the lévites uriel, asaja, joel, semaja, eliel, and amminadab,

I Chronicles 15:12 and said to them, " you are the families of the familes of the lévites. sanctified yourselves and your brothers and bring the ark of the lord of israel to the place i have prepared for it.

I Chronicles 15:13 because you were not going to be before us, the lord our god has cut off among us because we did not look for a judgment. "

I Chronicles 15:14 so the priests and the priests were purified to bring the ark of the lord of israel.

I Chronicles 15:15 so the people of the levites took the ark of god with their stangen, just as moses had commanded according to the word of the lord.

I Chronicles 15:16 david said to the rulers of the levites to stop their brothers the psaltiers with instruments of instruments of harp, harpas, cithers, and cymbalos, to call out high with the loud voice.

I Chronicles 15:17 so the lévites stood heman, the son of joel, and from his brothers, asaf, the son of berechiah, and from the sons of merari, their brothers, ethan, the son of kusaah,

I Chronicles 15:18 and with them their second brothers, zechariah, benaziel, semiramoth, jehiel, unni, eliab, benaia, maaseja, mattithia, eliphelehu, mikneja, obed-edom, and jehiel, the poortyers.

I Chronicles 15:19 the harbets, heman, asaf, and etan were to hear with kopers of bronze.

I Chronicles 15:20 zechariah, jaziel, semiramoth, jehiel, unni, eliab, maasejah, benaias with harpes on alimoth,

I Chronicles 15:21 mattitias, eliphleah, mikneja, obed-edom, jehiel, and azaziah were with harpas to amasith, to strengthen them.

I Chronicles 15:22 kenanja, the ruler of the leavs, was a ruler of the heads, because he was faithful.

I Chronicles 15:23 berekja and elkana were poorders for the ark.

I Chronicles 15:24 the priests shebanja, josafat, nethanael, amasai, zechariah, benaias, and eliezer, the priests, trumpet with trumpet before the ark of god. obed-edom and jehia were poorders on the ark.

I Chronicles 15:25 so david and the elders of israel and the commanding officers went out to bring the ark of the covenant of the lord from the house of obed-edom.

I Chronicles 15:26 and when god strengthened the lévites who carried the ark of the covenant of the lord, they sacrificed seven bears and seven rams.

I Chronicles 15:27 david was dressed in a fine linen clothing, and all the levies who carried the ark, the musice, and kenanja, the ruler of the road of the canders. david had a fine efod.

I Chronicles 15:28 so all the israelites brought the ark of the covenant with sight, with trumpet, with cymbalos, harpas, harpas, and cithers.

I Chronicles 15:29 when the ark of the covenant of the lord came to the city of david, michal, daughter of saul, looked through the venster, and when she saw the king david weeping and suffering, she destroyed him in her heart.

I Chronicles 16:1 then they brought the ark of god and brought it in the middle of the tabernacle that david had placed for it, and they offered branqus and dants in the presence of god.

I Chronicles 16:2 when david had finished offering the holocausts and sacrifices, he blessed the people in the name of the lord.

I Chronicles 16:3 so he divided to all the people of israel, both men and women, to each man, a chosen bread, a tack bread, a bathered bread,

I Chronicles 16:4 he stood before the ark of the lord some of the lévites to serve and to praise and to praise and to praise the lord, god of israel.

I Chronicles 16:5 asaf was the ruler, his second time, zechariah, jehiel, semiramoth, jehiel, mattitiah, eliab, benaia, obed-edom, and jehiel with harpes and cithers, but asaf lived with cymbalos.

I Chronicles 16:6 benaias and jahaziel, the priests, continually with the trumpets before the ark of the covenant of god.

I Chronicles 16:7 at that time david commended to praise the lord through asaf and his brothers, to praise the lord :

I Chronicles 16:8 confess the lord, call him in his name, make known to the peoples what he is done !

I Chronicles 16:9 cants him, praise to him ! proclaim about all his wonders.

I Chronicles 16:10 repraice in his holy name ! may the heart of those who ask his hope.

I Chronicles 16:11 look for the lord and his power, look always for his face !

I Chronicles 16:12 remember his wonders that he has done, his wonders, the judgments of his mouth,

I Chronicles 16:13 you have the descendant of israel his servant, you people of jacob, his elect !

I Chronicles 16:14 he is the lord our god ! his judgments are throughout the whole earth.

I Chronicles 16:15 remember eternal his covenant, the word he commanded to tauty generations,

I Chronicles 16:16 the sure he concerned with abraham, and his sure to isaac.

I Chronicles 16:17 he made it as a instruction for jacob, for israel as eternal covenant.

I Chronicles 16:18 saying, " i will give you the land of canaan as your possessions. "

I Chronicles 16:19 though you were little number, little and foreigners in it,

I Chronicles 16:20 they went from nation to nation, from kingdom to another people,

I Chronicles 16:21 he did not permit anyone to help them, and he rebuked kings because of them :

I Chronicles 16:22 " do not touch my unsecrited, and do not make my prophets evil ! "

I Chronicles 16:23 cance to the lord, all the earth, tell his salvation day to day.

I Chronicles 16:25 for the lord is great and great praise, he is fear than all the gods.

I Chronicles 16:26 for all the gods of the nations are idols, but the lord has created heaven.

I Chronicles 16:27 glory and praise are before him, power and glory in his place.

I Chronicles 16:28 give to the lord, you familes of the nations ! give to the lord glory and power.

I Chronicles 16:29 give to the lord the glory of his name. bring gifts and bring him before him ! worship the lord in his holy courts !

I Chronicles 16:30 be fear before him, all earth ! the earth is firm, and it is not shaken.

I Chronicles 16:31 let heaven rejoice and the earth be glad, they should say among the gentiles, ' the lord is reigned ! "

I Chronicles 16:32 let the sea and what is in it may think, the field and everything that is in it.

I Chronicles 16:33 then the trees of the sea will rejoice before the lord, for he is coming to judge the earth.

I Chronicles 16:34 confess the lord because he is good, because his mercy is eternal.

I Chronicles 16:35 and tell : save us, you god of our salvation, and remove us and remove us from among the nations, to praise your holy name and rejoice in your praise ! "

I Chronicles 16:36 blessed is the lord, god of israel, from eternness to ever ! " and the whole people said, " amen ! " and praised the lord.

I Chronicles 16:37 so david left there before the ark of the covenant of the lord, asaf and his brothers, to serve the ark always, according to the day for every day.

I Chronicles 16:38 obed-edom and his brothers were seventy and eight. obed-edom the son of jeduthun and hosa was powers.

I Chronicles 16:39 and the priest zadok and his brothers the priests were before the tabernacle of the lord, on the mountain that is in gibeon,

I Chronicles 16:40 to offer the sacrifices to the lord on the altar of brandoption always, on the morning and on the afternoon, and according to everything that is written in the law of the lord that he had commanded israel.

I Chronicles 16:41 and with them were heman, jeduthun, and the rest who had been chosen by their name to celebrate the lord, because his mercy is eternal.

I Chronicles 16:42 among them were trumpet, cymbalos, and instruments of instrument with instruments of instruments of instrument and instruments of instrument for god ' s instrument.

I Chronicles 16:43 so all the people went home, each one to his home, and david returned to repay his house.

I Chronicles 17:1 as david was asleep in his house, david said to the prophet nathan, " look, i live in a house of cedrs, but the ark of the covenant of the lord is under a row. "

I Chronicles 17:2 nathan said to david, " do everything you have in your heart, for god is with you. "

I Chronicles 17:3 but in that night the word of god came to nathan, saying,

I Chronicles 17:4 " go and tell my servant david, ' so says the lord, ' you will not build a house to live in it ?

I Chronicles 17:5 for i have not loved in a house from the day i led israel out to this day, but i have been in a tent and in a tabernacle.

I Chronicles 17:6 in every time i went through all the people of israel, i have spoken a message to one of the tribes of israel to shepherd my people, saying, why have you not built a house of cedro ? '

I Chronicles 17:7 so then, say this to my servant david, ' so says the lord of the leaders : i received you from the sheep from the way from the sheep to be a ruler over my people israel.

I Chronicles 17:8 i was with you overall where you went, and i have taken out all your enemies from your presence, and i made a name like the name of the great people on the earth.

I Chronicles 17:9 i will make a place for my people israel, and i planted it, so that it will live in his own place and will never be revealed, and the unrighteous will not afflict it as before,

I Chronicles 17:10 from the time i put judges over my people israel. i humble all your enemies. i will give you a creation that the lord will build a house to you.

I Chronicles 17:11 when your days are fulfilled and you have fallen to your ancestors, i will reveal your descendants after you, who will come from your descendants, and i will reveal his kingdom.

I Chronicles 17:12 he will build a house for me, and i will confirme his throne forever.

I Chronicles 17:13 i will be his father, and he will be my son. i will not reject my mercy from him, just as i left the one who was before you.

I Chronicles 17:14 but i will confidence him in my house and in my kingdom to ever, and his throne will be confirmed forever. "

I Chronicles 17:15 after all these words and all this vision, nathan spoke to david.

I Chronicles 17:16 then the king david went and sat down before the lord and said, " who am i, lord god, and what is my house that you have brought me until ever ?

I Chronicles 17:17 but this is little in your eyes, o god, and you have spoken about your servant ' s house from long time, and you saw me like a human respect, lord god !

I Chronicles 17:18 what will david still speak to you to glorify ? you know your servant.

I Chronicles 17:19 and by your heart you have done all great great.

I Chronicles 17:20 lord, there is no one like you, and there is no god except you, according to everything we have heard with our ears.

I Chronicles 17:21 and which nation is there on earth like your people israel, which god went out to redemi him as his own people, to make for yourself a name of great and terrible things, to drive nations before your people, whom you have healed from egypt ?

I Chronicles 17:22 you have made your people israel to your own people for ever, and you, lord, became their god.

I Chronicles 17:23 now now, lord, let your message that you spoke to your servant and about his house must be confident to ever.

I Chronicles 17:24 saying, ' lord, lord of the leaders of israel and the house of david your servant, that he stands before you !

I Chronicles 17:25 for you, my god, have opened to your servant to build a house for him, so your servant has found to pray for you.

I Chronicles 17:26 now now, lord, you are god, and you have spoken this good things to your servant.

I Chronicles 17:27 so then, praise to thank your servant ' s house to continue before you. for you, lord, have blessed this, and it will be blessed forever. "

I Chronicles 18:1 after these things david died the philistins and humbled them, and he took the gath with its villages from the hand of the philisters.

I Chronicles 18:2 he also struck the moabites, so that moab became servants to david and brought present gifts.

I Chronicles 18:3 david also struck hadarezer, king of zoba, to hamath, as he was going to help his hand on the river euphrates.

I Chronicles 18:4 david took for him 1000 walls, seven thousand whears and twenty thousand foods. he destroyed all the wags of the wags and left for one of them for 100 walls.

I Chronicles 18:5 now when the syrians from damascus came to help hadarezer, the king of zoba, but david struck two and two thousand of the syrians.

I Chronicles 18:6 then david put guards in the damascus in damascus, and the syrians became david slaves and brought present offerings. so the lord healed david overall where he went.

I Chronicles 18:7 then david took the golden yocks that had been on hadar-ezer ' s slaves, and brought them to jerusalem.

I Chronicles 18:8 and from tibhath and valon, towns of hadar-ezer, david took a great number bronze. from it salomo made the shaper sea, the colonne, and the copers of bronze.

I Chronicles 18:9 when thou, king of hamath, heard that david had killed the whole power of hadar-ezer, king of zoba,

I Chronicles 18:10 he sent his son hadoram to the king david to ask him and to give him thanks because he had combated hadarezer and killed him, because hadarezer had been a strict against hadar-ezer.

I Chronicles 18:11 and these things david consacred to the lord with the silver and gold that he had received from all the nations : from edom, moab, ammons, the philistins, and the amalekians.

I Chronicles 18:12 abisai the son of zeruja besied the edomites in the salt of salt, eighten thousand people of edom.

I Chronicles 18:13 he put david in edom, and all the edomites became david ' s slaves. so the lord healed david overall where he went.

I Chronicles 18:14 so david reigned over all israel, practicing justice and righteousness to all his people.

I Chronicles 18:15 joab, the son of zeruja, was over the soldier, yosafat, the son of ahilud, was kansler.

I Chronicles 18:16 zadok, the son of ahitub, and ahimelech, the son of abiathar, were priests, susa the experts in the law.

I Chronicles 18:17 benaja the son of jojada was over the kerethees and the pelethees, but the sons of david were the first by the king.

I Chronicles 19:1 after this, nahas, the king of the ammonites, died, and his son became king in his place.

I Chronicles 19:2 then david said, " i will show mercy to hanun, the son of nahas, because his father has shown mercy to me. " so david sent messengers to exhortation him for his father. when the slaves of david came to hanun, to hanun, to the ammonitans, to hanun, to hanun him.

I Chronicles 19:3 the rulers of the ammonites said to hanun, " do david glorify your father in your presence, he sent encouragers you ? aren ' t his servants come to you to experience the city and understroy and disstroy the earth ? "

I Chronicles 19:4 then hanun greated the servants of david, stricted them, threw their clothes from the half side to the break and sent them away.

I Chronicles 19:5 when they came to tell david about those men, he sent send out to meet them, because they were greatly distressed. then the king said, " stay in jericho until your barps are revealed, then return back. "

I Chronicles 19:6 when the ammonites saw that they had been confused to david, hanun and the ammonites sent a thousand talents silver to reward for themselves hors and ruits from mesopotamia, from syrian maacha, and from soba.

I Chronicles 19:7 so they leaded for themselves thirty and two thousand wags and the king of maacha with his people. they came and lead on the side of medeba. now the ammonites gathered from their towns and went to a battle.

I Chronicles 19:8 when david heard this, he sent joab with all the held of held.

I Chronicles 19:9 so the ammonites went out and stood in battle before the door of the city, but the kings who had come, were together in the field.

I Chronicles 19:10 when joab saw that he appeared before him from back and back, he chose out of all the men of israel and ordered them against the sirians.

I Chronicles 19:11 but he gave the rest of the people in the hand of his brother abichai, who stood in order against the ammonites.

I Chronicles 19:12 he said, " if the syrians are greater than i am, you will be my salvation, and if the ammons are greater than you, i will save you.

I Chronicles 19:13 be courage, and let us be strengthened for our people and for the towns of our god. and the lord will do what is good in his eyes. "

I Chronicles 19:14 so joab and the people that were with him stood up to battle against the syrians, and they fugped before him.

I Chronicles 19:15 when the ammonites saw that the syrians flowed, they also flowed off his brother abisain and went into the city. then joab went to jerusalem.

I Chronicles 19:16 when the syrians saw that they had placed him, they sent messengers out to bring the syrians who were on the other side of the river, and sophach, the lame of hadar-ezer ' s power, was before them.

I Chronicles 19:17 when david heard this, he gathered all the people of israel, passed over the jordan, went to them and assembled against them. when david stood before the syrians against him, they stricted against him.

I Chronicles 19:18 but the syrians flow from david, and david killed seven thousand of wags and fifty thousand foods, and he killed sophach, the ruler of the power.

I Chronicles 19:19 when the slaves of hadar-ezer saw that they were destroyed from israel, they accompanied david and served him. so the syrians did not want to help the ammonites again.

I Chronicles 20:1 a year when the kings went out, joab brought the whole lame of lame and destroyed the region of the ammonites, and bellayed the land of the ammonitans and assembled rabba. but david remained in jerusalem. then joab divided rabba and destroyed it.

I Chronicles 20:2 then david took their king ' s crown from his head, and he found that his pesse was a talent of gold, and there was precious stones, and it was placed on david ' s head.

I Chronicles 20:3 he brought the people that were there and performed them with doubles, clocks, and iron. so david did with all the regions of the ammonites. then david and all the people returned to jerusalem.

I Chronicles 20:4 after these things there was a battle with the philisters in gezer. then sibbechai the husathite struck sibbec from the gigants of the refaim, and they humbled him.

I Chronicles 20:5 there was still a battle with the philisters. elhanan, the son of jair, struck lachmi, the brother of goliath the gath, whose wear ' s tree was like a wear of weberer.

I Chronicles 20:6 there was another battle at gath. there was a great man who had sex fingers with sex fingers, seventy-four. he was a child of the refaim.

I Chronicles 20:7 and when he insulted israel, jonatan, the son of simea, the brother of david, struck him.

I Chronicles 20:8 these were the men of the raphas in gath, and they fell by the hand of david and by the hand of his servants.

I Chronicles 21:1 so satan stood up against israel and incited david to number israel.

I Chronicles 21:2 then david said to joab and to the rulers of the power, " go and number israel from beerseba until dan, and bring him to me so i will know their number. "

I Chronicles 21:3 joab said, " may the lord give his people about hundred times so much than he is. are they not all the slaves of my lord, my lord ? why can my lord want this ? why can it become sin for israel ? "

I Chronicles 21:4 but the word of the king was strengthened over joab. so joab went out and passed throughout all israel. then he went to jerusalem.

I Chronicles 21:5 so joab gave the number of the number of the people to david. in all of israel were a thousand thousand ( 100 0000000000000.000.

I Chronicles 21:6 but he did not number the levi and benjamin among them, because the order of the king was performed to joab.

I Chronicles 21:7 it was wrong in god ' s eyes about this, and he struck israel.

I Chronicles 21:8 then david said to god, " i have committed great sinner because i have done this. but now reject your servant ' s evil deeds because i have become foolish. "

I Chronicles 21:9 then the lord said to gad, the seer of david, saying,

I Chronicles 21:10 " go and tell david, ' so says the lord : i am proclaimed three things. keep one of them to me that i will do for you. ' "

I Chronicles 21:11 then gad came to david and said to him, " so says the lord :

I Chronicles 21:12 or three years of hongry or three months to flee from your enemies, or to destroy the sword of your enemies or three days the seed of the lord and death on the earth, and the angel of the lord will destroy in all the territory of israel. now see what i will say to the one who sent me ! "

I Chronicles 21:13 david said to gad, " i am greatly distressed ! let us fall into the hand of the lord, for his mercy are great, but i will not fall into the hand of men ! "

I Chronicles 21:14 so the lord gave a pest in israel, and seventy-thousand people died from israel.

I Chronicles 21:15 and god sent a angel to jerusalem to destroy it. but when he dispersed it, the lord saw and repented of the evil one. he said to the destructed angel, " it is great ! leave your hand ! " the angel of the lord stood standing at the dresser of arauna the jebusiet.

I Chronicles 21:16 when david looked up and saw the angel of the lord standing among the earth and heaven with a extended sword in his hand, extended against jerusalem. then david and the elders, dressed in sackcloth, fell down with their face to the face.

I Chronicles 21:17 then david said to god, " i said not to number the people ? i, i have sinned and done what he has done ? but these sheep, what did they done ? lord my god, may your hand be against me and against my father ' s house, but not against your people ! "

I Chronicles 21:18 then the angel of the lord said to gad to say to david, " get up and make a altar to the lord at the dresser of arauna the jebusean.

I Chronicles 21:19 so david went up according to the message that gad had spoken in the name of the lord.

I Chronicles 21:20 when arauna returned, he saw the king, and his four sons who were with him turned away. ornan began to eat the fever.

I Chronicles 21:21 when david came to ornan, ornan saw this and saw this, and saw him, he went out of the dragon and worshiped david with his face to the ground.

I Chronicles 21:22 then david said to ornan, " give me the place of the dresser, so i may build a altar to the lord. give me it with better silver, so that the plague comes away from the people. "

I Chronicles 21:23 ornan said to david, " take it for you, and may my lord the king do what is good in his eyes. look, i have given the bears to be offered for holocausts, the bate for the tree, and the wheat to sacrifice to sacrifice. i give all these things. "

I Chronicles 21:24 but the king david said to ornan, " no, i will buy it with full money, for i will not take the things you possess to the lord, and i will offer a sacrifice without reason. "

I Chronicles 21:25 so david gave to ornan shext siclos of gold in that place.

I Chronicles 21:26 then david built a altar to the lord and offered branquets and dants. then he called to the lord, and he answered him with fire from heaven on the altar of the brandoption.

I Chronicles 21:27 then the lord said to the angel, " put his sword into the foot.

I Chronicles 21:28 at that time, when david saw that the lord had heard him at the dresser of arauna the jebusean, he offered there.

I Chronicles 21:29 now the tabernacle of the lord that moses had made in the wilderness, and the altar of branquial offering were in that time on the offered of gibeon.

I Chronicles 21:30 but david could not go before him to look for god, because he was afraid of the sword of the angel of the lord.

I Chronicles 22:1 then david said, " this is the temple of the lord god, and this is the altar of holocausts for israel. "

I Chronicles 22:2 then david asked together to gather all the extrancy who were in the land of israel. he made wrappers to cut stones for the temple to rebuild the temple of god.

I Chronicles 22:3 david prepared a number of iron fiel for the ports of the gates and the passes, and a large number of bronze without pessing.

I Chronicles 22:4 and cedrs without number, because the sidonians and tyrians brought a great number of cedrs to david.

I Chronicles 22:5 david said, " my son solomon is a child difficult, and the house to build to the lord is great great, to name and glory in all the counts. i will make this preparation for him. " so david prepared great preparation before his death.

I Chronicles 22:6 so he called his son solomon and commanded him to build a house to the lord, god of israel.

I Chronicles 22:7 so david said to solomon, my son, i intended to build a house for the name of my god my god.

I Chronicles 22:8 but the word of the lord came to me, saying, ' you have poured a great blood and made great battle. you will not build a house to my name, because you have poured many blood on the earth before me.

I Chronicles 22:9 look, a son will be born to you. he will be a man of requies, and i will give him rest from all his enemies all around him. for salomo will be his name, and i will give israel peace and quiet in his days.

I Chronicles 22:10 he will build a house for my name, and he will be my son, and i will be his father, and i will confirme his kingdom of his kingdom over israel forever.

I Chronicles 22:11 now, my son, let the lord be with you, so that you may be good and build a house to the lord your god, as he promised about you.

I Chronicles 22:12 but may the lord give you wisdom and intelligence and make you over over israel, to obey the law of the lord your god.

I Chronicles 22:13 then you will be well if you obey the commandments and judgments that the lord gave to moses about israel. be courage and strengthened, do not be afraid and not be afraid !

I Chronicles 22:14 and look, i have prepared for the temple of the lord a thousand thousand talents of gold, a thousand thousand talents of silver, and bronze and iron that there is nothing. i have also prepared tree and stones, and you will repay it.

I Chronicles 22:15 you have a multitude of workers of works, coverants of stones, charpeners, and every one who is wise in every work.

I Chronicles 22:16 gold, silver, bronze, iron and iron are no number. stand up and do, and the lord is with you ! "

I Chronicles 22:17 so david ordered all the rulers of israel to help his son solomon :

I Chronicles 22:18 " does the lord not be with you, and he gave you rest alone ? for he has given those who live in the earth in his hand, and the earth was revealed before the lord and before his people.

I Chronicles 22:19 therefore pay your heart and your souls to look for the lord your god. get up and build the sanctuary to the lord your god to bring the ark of the covenant of the lord and the holy gers of god into the house that is built for the name of the lord. "

I Chronicles 23:1 when david was old and full of days, he reigned his son solomon over israel.

I Chronicles 23:2 he gathered all the rulers of israel, the priests and the leavs.

I Chronicles 23:3 the experts in the law of the people from thirty years and outside, and their number was a number of thirty and eight thousand.

I Chronicles 23:4 from these were twenty-four thousand ministers over the work of the temple of the lord, sex thousand experts in the law and judgers.

I Chronicles 23:5 and four thousand will be powers, and four thousand will praise the lord with the instruments that i have made to praise. "

I Chronicles 23:6 david divided them in divisions to the sons of levi : gerson, kehat, merari and merari.

I Chronicles 23:7 from the gershonians were ladan and shimei.

I Chronicles 23:8 the sons of ladan : jehiel, the first, zetham, and joel, three.

I Chronicles 23:9 the sons of shimei were selomit, jeziel, haran, three. these were the families of the families of ladan.

I Chronicles 23:10 the sons of shimei were jahath, zina, jeus, and beria. these were the four sons of shimei.

I Chronicles 23:11 jahat was the first, ziza the second. but jeus and beria had not many sons, so that they became a single family.

I Chronicles 23:12 the sons of kehat : amram, jizhar, hebron, usziel, and four.

I Chronicles 23:13 the sons of amram : aaron and moses. aaron and his sons were aparted to be sanctified for the holy place, he and his sons, to offering incense before the lord, to serve and to praise in his name for ever.

I Chronicles 23:14 now moses, the man of god, were called of his sons to the tribe of levi.

I Chronicles 23:15 the sons of moses were gersom and eliezer.

I Chronicles 23:16 the sons of gersom was sebuel the first.

I Chronicles 23:17 the sons of eliezer was rehabja the first, but eliezer did not have other sons, but rehabjas ' s sons were very high.

I Chronicles 23:18 the sons of jishar was selomit the first.

I Chronicles 23:19 the sons of hebron : jerijah was the first, amarja the second, jahasiel the third, jekamam the fourth.

I Chronicles 23:20 the sons of usziel : micha the first, and jissia the second.

I Chronicles 23:21 the sons of merari were machli and mushai. the sons of mahli were eleazar and kis.

I Chronicles 23:22 so eleazar died and had no sons, but only daughters. and the sons of kis, their brothers, received them.

I Chronicles 23:23 the sons of musai were mahli, eder, and jeremoth, three.

I Chronicles 23:24 these were the sons of levi according to their familes, the families of their families, according to their number, according to the number of the name, each for their head, who were speaking in the service of the temple of the lord, from thirty years and opter.

I Chronicles 23:25 for david said, " the lord, the god of israel, has given rest to his people, and he will live forever in jerusalem.

I Chronicles 23:26 so the lévites will not take away the tabernacle and all its uteneds for its service. "

I Chronicles 23:27 for in the last number of david there was the number of the sons of levi from thirty years and outside.

I Chronicles 23:28 for he had revealed them in the hand of aaron to serve in the temple of the lord, on the towns, the portices, the purification of all the saints, the work of the service of the temple of god,

I Chronicles 23:29 to the sacred bread, to the fish of the sacrifice of sacrifice, the unleavened bread, the plagues, the clock, the clothing, and every measure.

I Chronicles 23:30 and to stand ahead of morning to praise and celebring the lord, and so to the evening.

I Chronicles 23:31 and to all the offerings offered to the lord on the sabbath, on the new monts, and on the feast, according to the number for them, always before the lord.

I Chronicles 23:32 they must guard the service of the tent of testimony and the service of the sons of aaron their brothers, to serve in the temple of the lord.

I Chronicles 24:1 now the divisions of the sons of aaron : nadab and abihu, eleazar and ithamar.

I Chronicles 24:2 but nadab and abihu stared before their father, and they did not have children. so eleazar and ithamar became a priest.

I Chronicles 24:3 david and zadok of the sons of eleazar and ahimelech from the sons of ithamar divided them according to their service, according to their service.

I Chronicles 24:4 when eleazars ' s sons found more rulers than the sons of itamar, they divided them. for the sons of eleazar were seventy rulers of the family of eleazars, and for the sons of ithamar, for each of the family of his family.

I Chronicles 24:5 so they divided them by sors, the other to the other, for the rulers of the sanctuary and the rulers of god were among the sons of eleazar and of the sons of itamar.

I Chronicles 24:6 now semajah, the son of nethanael the experts in the law, wrote them in presence of the king, of the rulers, of zadok the priest, ahimelech the son of abiathar, the families of the priests and the lévites. one family was for eleazar and one for ithamar.

I Chronicles 24:7 the first lot came for jojarib, the second for jedaja,

I Chronicles 24:8 the third for harim, the fourth for seorim,

I Chronicles 24:9 the fifth for malchija, the sixth for mijamin,

I Chronicles 24:10 the seventh for arac, the fourth for abija,

I Chronicles 24:11 the nighth for jesua, the tighth for sechania,

I Chronicles 24:12 the elty-unth for elisib, the twelve for jakim,

I Chronicles 24:13 the thirty-three for huppa, the fjortenth for jesebaal,

I Chronicles 24:14 the femtyth for bilga, the seventh for immer,

I Chronicles 24:15 the seventh for hezir, the eightenth for happisebs,

I Chronicles 24:16 the nittenth for petaja, the twenty-two for ezechiel,

I Chronicles 24:17 the husty-first for jachin, the twenty-second for gamul,

I Chronicles 24:18 the husty-third for delaja, the viventy fourth for maazia.

I Chronicles 24:19 these were their number according to their service to enter the temple of the lord according to the order that their father aaron had commanded, just as the lord god of israel had commanded.

I Chronicles 24:20 the rest of the rest of levi : sebael, of the sons of amram, jedaja,

I Chronicles 24:21 the first of rehabías, the first, jesija.

I Chronicles 24:22 for jishariter selomoth ; for the sons of schelomoth, jahath.

I Chronicles 24:23 the sons of jediah : amarja the second, jahasiel the third, jekamam the fourth.

I Chronicles 24:24 usziel ' s sons was micha. the sons of micha was schamer.

I Chronicles 24:25 the brother of micha was jissia ; the son of jissia was zechariah.

I Chronicles 24:26 the sons of merari were mahli and mushai, the sons of jaazia, benni.

I Chronicles 24:27 the sons of merari, by his son jaasias, soham, zakkur, and ibri.

I Chronicles 24:28 from mahli was eleazar, who had no sons.

I Chronicles 24:29 from kis, the sons of kis : jerahmeel.

I Chronicles 24:30 the sons of mushai were mahli, eder, and jerimot. these were the sons of the leavs according to their families.

I Chronicles 24:31 they also taken loth like their own brothers, the sons of aaron, before king david, zadok, ahimelech, and the families of the families of the priests and of the lévites. the families of rahab was like his younger brothers.

I Chronicles 25:1 so david and the rulers of the exercise presented the works of the sons of asaf, heman, and jeduthun, who were revealed with harpas, harpas, and cymbalos. this was the number of those who were practicing their work :

I Chronicles 25:2 of the sons of asaf : zakkur, joseph, nethany and asarel, the sons of asaf, by asaf the prophet according to the law.

I Chronicles 25:3 from jeduthun, the sons of jeduthun, gedalja, seri, jesajah, hasabja, and mattitias, sex, according to their father jeduthun, who stayed with harp, praising and praise to the lord.

I Chronicles 25:4 from heman : the sons of heman : bukkia, mattanias, uzziel, shebuel, jerimot, hananja, hanani, eliatha, giddalti, romamti-ezer, josbekasa, malloti, hothir, and mahasioth.

I Chronicles 25:5 these were all the sons of heman, the officer of the king, in the words of god, to experience his horn. god gave heman four sons and three daughters.

I Chronicles 25:6 these all were in accordance with their father in the temple of the lord with cymbalos, harpas, and cithers according to their father, according to the law of the king, asaf, jeduthun, and heman.

I Chronicles 25:7 the number of them and their brothers, instructed for the lord, all who were known, were two hundred and forty-eight.

I Chronicles 25:8 so they also divided the sors of their affection, the little like the great, the commander and the disciple.

I Chronicles 25:9 the first lot came for asaf, for joseph. the second for gedalja, with his brothers and sisters, twelve ;

I Chronicles 25:10 the third for zakkur, with his sons and brothers, twelve ;

I Chronicles 25:11 the fourth for jisri, his sons and his brothers, twelve ;

I Chronicles 25:12 the eventh - for nethany, with his sons and brothers, twelve ;

I Chronicles 25:13 the sexth buccia, his sons and his brothers, twelve ;

I Chronicles 25:14 the seventh for jesarela, with his sons and brothers, twelve ;

I Chronicles 25:15 the eventh for yosiah, with his sons and brothers, twelve ;

I Chronicles 25:16 the niegenth for mattanias ; his sons and brothers were twelve ;

I Chronicles 25:17 the eventh for simei, his sons and his brothers, twelve ;

I Chronicles 25:18 the untenth for azarel, his sons and his brothers, twelve ;

I Chronicles 25:19 the twelve for hasabja, his sons and his brothers, twelve ;

I Chronicles 25:20 the treventh for shubael, his sons and brothers, twelve ;

I Chronicles 25:21 the fourth for mattitias, with his sons and brothers, twelve ;

I Chronicles 25:22 the femth for jeremoth, with his sons and brothers, twelve ;

I Chronicles 25:23 the seventh for ananias, his sons and his brothers, twelve ;

I Chronicles 25:24 the seventh for josbekasa, with his sons and brothers, twelve ;

I Chronicles 25:25 the eventh for hanani, his sons and his brothers, twelve ;

I Chronicles 25:26 the nittenth for mallothi, with his sons and brothers, twelve ;

I Chronicles 25:27 the seventh for eliatha ; his sons and his brothers, twelve ;

I Chronicles 25:28 the viventh first for hothir, with his sons and brothers, twelve ;

I Chronicles 25:29 the viventy and the seconber for giddalti, with his sons and brothers, twelve ;

I Chronicles 25:30 the twenty-third for mahazioth, with his sons and brothers, twelve ;

I Chronicles 25:31 the twenty-fourth for romamti-ezer, with his sons and brothers, twelve ;

I Chronicles 26:1 this was the division of the portiers. from the korahits, meselemia, the son of korah, of the descendants of asaf.

I Chronicles 26:2 meselemiah had the sons : zechariah the first, jediael the second, zebadias the third, jatniel the fourth,

I Chronicles 26:3 elam the fifth, johanan the sixth, elioenai the seventh.

I Chronicles 26:4 obed-edom ' s sons were : semajah the first, josabad the second, joah the third, sachar the fourth, nethanael the fifth,

I Chronicles 26:5 ammiel the sixth, issachar the sixth, peullathai the eighth, for god had blessed him.

I Chronicles 26:6 his son shemaia became sons, who became a child in his family house, because they were held.

I Chronicles 26:7 the sons of semaja : othni, refael, obed, elsabad and ahia, dailing men, elihu and semachiah.

I Chronicles 26:8 they were all of the sons of obed-edom, they and their sons and their brothers, beautiful people for the work, sexty-two of obed-edom.

I Chronicles 26:9 meselemiah had sons and brothers, who were held, were eighten.

I Chronicles 26:10 hosa from the sons of merari had sons : simri the first, ( for his father did not be the firstborn ),

I Chronicles 26:11 hilkija the second, tebaliah the third, zechariah the fourth. hosa and brothers of hosa were seventh.

I Chronicles 26:12 this is the division of the officials, the rulers of the held, had their division like their brothers, to serve in the temple of the lord.

I Chronicles 26:13 then they threw lots, both the little like the great, according to their familes.

I Chronicles 26:14 the late of the east of the east fell to shelemia. his son zechariah, a member of the guard, broken loth, and the late came out of the norder region.

I Chronicles 26:15 on obed-edom, a region against the house of jottaim,

I Chronicles 26:16 to hosa and hosa, winging on the west side, by the door of pisphor, on the opportunity, a guard before the prison.

I Chronicles 26:17 on the east were six, the norderside of day, four, on west of day, four, on the east, two.

I Chronicles 26:18 on parbar, on the west side, were four on the road, two on parbar.

I Chronicles 26:19 these were the divisions of the poortiers of the sons of korah and the merarites.

I Chronicles 26:20 the lévites, their brothers, were over the treasure of the temple of god and over the treasurs of the saints.

I Chronicles 26:21 the nachkommen of ladan, the nachkommen of the gersonites, of ladan, the families of ladan the gersonita, jehiel.

I Chronicles 26:22 the sons of jehiel, zetham and his brother joel, were over the treasurs of the house of the lord.

I Chronicles 26:23 to amramim, jizhar, hebron, usziel,

I Chronicles 26:24 sebuel, the son of gersom, the son of moses, was a ruler over the treasures.

I Chronicles 26:25 to his brother eliezer : rehabja was the son, josaias, joram, zikri, and selomoth.

I Chronicles 26:26 selomith and his brothers were over all the treasurs of the things saints that the king david, the families of the families, the commanding officers, hundred-officiers, and the officiers of the power.

I Chronicles 26:27 those who had received the strict from the strict and offered the temple of the temple of the temple.

I Chronicles 26:28 and all what the prophet samuel, saul the son of kis, abner the son of ner, and joab the son of zeruja, and joab the son of zeruja were sanctified in the hand of shelomith and his brothers.

I Chronicles 26:29 from the jizhars was chenanja and his sons to the outside works of israel for the experts in the law and judgers.

I Chronicles 26:30 of the hebronians : hashabiah and his brothers, dywerful people, were a thousand and 700, over the officions of israel in the other side of the jordan river, for all the service of the lord and for the ministry of the king. )

I Chronicles 26:31 from the hebronians was jerijah, the child of the hebronians, their familes and families. in the firtenth years of his kingdom they were visited and were found among them held in jazer in gilead.

I Chronicles 26:32 now his brothers, powerful people, were two mii 700 patriarchs. then the king david gave them over the rubenians, the gadites, and the half tribe of manasseh, for all the decrees of god and the words of the king.

I Chronicles 27:1 now the sons of israel, in their number, the families of the families, the commanding officers, the hundreders, and the experts in the law, who ministraid to the king in every order of the divisions that came and went out of every month for all the months of the year. each division was a division of twenty-four thousand.

I Chronicles 27:2 on the first division of the first month was jasobeam, the son of zabdiel, and in his division was four and four thousand.

I Chronicles 27:3 he was of the sons of perez, a ruler of all the rulers of the power on the first month.

I Chronicles 27:4 the division of the second month was dodai the ahohita, in his division was dodai the ahohita. in his division was four and four thousand.

I Chronicles 27:5 the third, on the third month, was benaja the son of joiada, the high priest. to his division was four and four thousand.

I Chronicles 27:6 this was benaia, a powerful among the thirty, and was over the thirty. in his division was his son amizabad.

I Chronicles 27:7 the fourth, for the fourth month, was asahel, the brother of joab, and so was his son zebadja. by his division was four and four thousand.

I Chronicles 27:8 the fifth, for the fifth month, was the ruler shamuth the jesreel, and in his division was four and four thousand.

I Chronicles 27:9 the sexth, on the sixth month, was ira, the son of ikkes the tekoh, by his division was four and four thousand.

I Chronicles 27:10 the seventh, for the seventh month, was heles the pelonita, from the sons of ephraim, and to his division was four and four thousand.

I Chronicles 27:11 the eighth, for the eighth month, was sibbechai the husathiet, from the zerahites, by his division was 24 000.

I Chronicles 27:12 the niegenth, for the nifth month, was abiezer the anatothin, from the benjaminites, by his division was 24 000.

I Chronicles 27:13 the tifth, for the sixth month, was maharai the netofatita, from the zerahites, by his division was 24 000.

I Chronicles 27:14 the elf, for the elf month, was benaja the piratonites, from the sons of ephraim, and to his division was four and four thousand.

I Chronicles 27:15 the twelve, for the twelve month, was heldai the netofa, from othniel, and to his division was four and four thousand.

I Chronicles 27:16 for the tribes of israel were : for the rubeniens was eliezer, the son of zikri ; for simeon, sefatiah, the son of maacha ;

I Chronicles 27:17 from levi hasabiam, the son of kemuel ; for aaron zadok ;

I Chronicles 27:18 from judah, eliel, a brother of david ; for issachar, omri, the son of michael ;

I Chronicles 27:19 from zebulon, semaja, the son of obadja ; for neftali, jerimoth, the son of azriel ;

I Chronicles 27:20 from the son of ephraim hosea, the son of azazia ; joel, the son of pedaja ;

I Chronicles 27:21 to the half tribe of manasseh in gilead was iddo the son of zechariah ; to benjamin was jaasiel, the son of abner ;

I Chronicles 27:22 from dan, azarel, the son of joram. these were the patriarchs of the tribes of israel.

I Chronicles 27:23 but david did not arrest their number from thirty years and once, because the lord had promised to multiply israel like the stars in heaven.

I Chronicles 27:24 joab the son of zeruja began to number, but did not find it. because of this there there came anger against israel. so the number of the number of king david did not come in the letter of the king david.

I Chronicles 27:25 azmaveth the son of adiel was over the treasure of the king. jonathan the son of uzzia was over the treasure on the field, in the villages, in the villages, and in the torns.

I Chronicles 27:26 over the tenants of the laborants of the land was ezri, the son of kelub.

I Chronicles 27:27 shimei the rama was over the wine ; zabdi the sephite was over the treases of the wine.

I Chronicles 27:28 baal-hanan the gedorita was over the olives, the figs of the fig trees, baal-hanan the gedorita ; over the olives of olives was joash.

I Chronicles 27:29 schitrai the saronites was over the hors that were in saron ; shafat the son of adlai was over the horns in the vallages.

I Chronicles 27:30 obil the ismaelita was over the camels, and jedadias the meronites over the esels.

I Chronicles 27:31 and over the sheep, jaziz the hagarites. these all were governor of the possessions of king david.

I Chronicles 27:32 jonatan, davids father, was a council, a intelligent and experts in the law. jehiel, the son of hachmoni, was with the sons of the king.

I Chronicles 27:33 ahitofel was the council of the king, and husai the architer was friend of the king.

I Chronicles 27:34 after achitophel was joiada, the son of benaia, and abiathar. joab was the ruler of the king.

I Chronicles 28:1 david gathered together in jerusalem all the rulers of israel, the rulers of the rulers, the rulers of the officers who were concerning the king ' s body, the commanding officers, the centurions, the officers of his possessions and his possessions, the rulers, and the held of the lame.

I Chronicles 28:2 then david stood and said to him, " listen to me, my brothers and my people ! i intended to build a house for the ark of the covenant of the covenant of the covenant of the covenant of our god, and i had prepared it to make possession.

I Chronicles 28:3 but god said to me, ' you will not build a house for my name, because you are a soldier and have poured blood. '

I Chronicles 28:4 but the lord, the god of israel, chosen me from all my father ' s house to become king over israel forever. for he choose judah as a ruler, and from the house of judah the house of my father, and among the sons of my father he wanted to make me king over all israel.

I Chronicles 28:5 and from all my sons, for the lord has given me many sons, he chose solomon my son to sit on the throne of the kingdom of the lord over israel.

I Chronicles 28:6 and he said to me, ' your son solomon will rebuild my house and my courts, for i have chosen him to be my son, and i will be his father.

I Chronicles 28:7 i will confirme his kingdom to ever, if he is able to obey my commandments and determines, as it is now. "

I Chronicles 28:8 and now, before the face of all the people of israel, the church of the lord, and in the ears of our god : hold at all the commandments of the lord your god, so that you may inherit this good land and give it in possession to your children after you to ever.

I Chronicles 28:9 now now, my son solomon, know the god of your father and serve him with pure heart and with a will who is willing, for the lord reject all the hearts and knows all idols. if you look for him, you will find him, but if you forgive him, he will forgive you to all times.

I Chronicles 28:10 look then that the lord has chosen you to build a house for the sanctuary. be strengthened and do. "

I Chronicles 28:11 so david gave his son solomon the example of the temple courts, his household, his saccowns, his household, the inside courts of the inside, and the temple of the reconciliation,

I Chronicles 28:12 and the example that he had in his spirit, the cures of the temple of god, all the portices around all around, the temple of the temple of god, the offerings of the sanctuary,

I Chronicles 28:13 and the divisions of the officers of the priests and of the lévites, to all the work of the service of the temple of the lord,

I Chronicles 28:14 the clock of their measure was made of gold and silver.

I Chronicles 28:15 he gave him a gold lampstand and the lamp.

I Chronicles 28:16 he made the table of the table for the sacred table, for each table, and the money of the silver coins,

I Chronicles 28:17 the golden clocks, the beachs, the clocks of gold, the pats of gold and the silver coins, each on the beal of pieces,

I Chronicles 28:18 the offering altar of incense was made of purtain gold, and the experience of the wagn of the cherubs that bread the vinger and showing the ark of the covenant of the lord.

I Chronicles 28:19 " david gave all these things in the scripture of the hand of the lord, in the scripture of the hand of the lord. "

I Chronicles 28:20 then david said to his son solomon, " be courage and courage and do what is. do not be afraid or fear, because the lord your god is with you. he will not forgive you or forgive you until all the works of the service of the temple of the lord has completed.

I Chronicles 28:21 now look, the afdelations of the priests and of the lévites to all the ministry in the house of god. you are with you in every affection, every enthusiasm with wisdom, and the rulers and the whole people are with you for all your words. "

I Chronicles 29:1 then the king david said to the whole church, " my son solomon, whom god chosen is dead and innocent, and the work is great, for the house is not for a man but for god god.

I Chronicles 29:2 for all my power i have prepared for my god ' s house, gold, silver, bronze, iron, precious stones, various stones, various stones, precious stones, precious stones, precious stones, precious stones, and precious stones,

I Chronicles 29:3 and even because i take great delight for my god ' s house, i take gold and silver to the house of my god except the things i have prepared for the sanctuary,

I Chronicles 29:4 three thousand talents of gold from ofir and seven thousand talents of purtain silver silver, so that the women in the temple courts were divided.

I Chronicles 29:5 for the hand of the planner, who is the one who requires him today to replete his hands today to the lord ?

I Chronicles 29:6 then the families of the familes, the rulers of the family of israel, the commanding officers, hundreders, and the officiers of the work of the king.

I Chronicles 29:7 they gave for the work of god four thousand talents of gold, thousand silver, silver thousand talents of silver, seven thousand talents bronze, 100 talenta talents of iron.

I Chronicles 29:8 and to those who were found some stones, they gave it into the temple of the temple of the lord through jehiel the gersonita.

I Chronicles 29:9 the people rejoiced for their sacrifice, because they were offered to the lord with a fullness of heart. david the king was also great joy.

I Chronicles 29:10 then david blessed the lord before the whole crowd, saying : " blessed are you, lord, god of our father israel, from age to ever !

I Chronicles 29:11 to you, lord, is great majesty, power, pride, and power, and power, because all in heaven and on earth are you. you, lord, is the power, and you are formed for all.

I Chronicles 29:12 riquezas and glory will come from you, and you domines over all. in your hand is power and power, and in your hand is to grander and strengthening all things.

I Chronicles 29:13 now now, our god, we praise you, and we praise your glorious name.

I Chronicles 29:14 for who am i, and who is my people, that we have able to give you these things ? for all things are from you, and we have given to you from your own.

I Chronicles 29:15 for we are foreigners and foreigners before you, as all our ancestors. our days on the earth are like a shadow and there is no endurance.

I Chronicles 29:16 lord our god, all this reason that we have prepared to build a house for your holy name is from your hand, and all things are your.

I Chronicles 29:17 i know, my god, that you are who insult the heart and love righteousness. i have spended these things with a sincere heart, and now i have revealed with joy your people who are found here.

I Chronicles 29:18 o lord, god of our ancestors abraham, isaac, and israel, hold this in the mind of your people ' s heart and confirm their hearts to you.

I Chronicles 29:19 and give my son solomon a good heart to do your commandments, testimony, commandments, and fulfill all things, and make the temple ready that i have prepared. "

I Chronicles 29:20 then david said to the whole church, " praise the lord your god ! " so the whole church blessed the lord, the god of their ancestors, and they turned down and worshiped the lord and the king.

I Chronicles 29:21 the next day they offered sacrifices to the lord and offered offerings to the lord : tauty birds, 1000 boats, 1000 lammers with their dranhes of drant, and large sacrifices for all the people of israel.

I Chronicles 29:22 in that day they ate and drinked before the lord with great joy, and they reigned solomon, the son of david, to the second time, and anointed him to the lord as king and zadok as priest.

I Chronicles 29:23 so solomon sat down on the throne of his father david, and he placed good to him, and all the israelites heard him.

I Chronicles 29:24 and all the rulers, the rulers, and all the sons of the king david subjected his father david.

I Chronicles 29:25 so the lord caused solomon great great in the presence of all the people of israel, and he gave him the glorious glory that there was no king before him before him.

I Chronicles 29:26 david, the son of isai, reigned over all israel.

I Chronicles 29:27 he was seven years in hebron, seven years in hebron and three and three years in jerusalem.

I Chronicles 29:28 he died in a good old, full of days, rich, and glory. and his son solomon reigned in his place.

I Chronicles 29:29 the sister of king david, both the first and the later, is written in the cronicas of the seer samuel, in the cronicas of the prophet nathan, and in the cronicas of gad the seer,

I Chronicles 29:30 on all his kingdom of his kingdom, his power, the time that happened on him, on israel, and for all the kingdom of the earth, and look, the divisions of the priests and the lévites in all the service of the temple of god. they are with you in every affection. the rulers and the whole people are with you for all your words. "

II Chronicles 1:1 solomon, the son of david, became strengthened in his kingdom, and the lord his god was with him and made him great high.

II Chronicles 1:2 then solomon said to all the people of israel, the commanding officers, hundreders, judgers, and all the rulers in the whole israel, the families of the familes.

II Chronicles 1:3 so solomon and the whole group with him went to the high place that is in gibeon, for there was the tent of the testimony of god that moses the servant of the lord had made in the wilderness.

II Chronicles 1:4 but the ark of god brought david from kirjat-jearim, because he had prepared a tent for her in jerusalem.

II Chronicles 1:5 now the koper of bronze that betalel, the son of uriah, son of hur, had made, he was there before the tabernacle of the lord.

II Chronicles 1:6 so solomon went up there before the lord, on the bronce altar that was in the tabernacle of the tent, and offered on it a thousand holocausts.

II Chronicles 1:7 in that night god appeared to solomon and said to him, " ask what i should give you. "

II Chronicles 1:8 solomon said to god, " you have committed great mercy to david my father and made me to be king in his place.

II Chronicles 1:9 now now, lord god, let your name be confirmed to my father david, because you have made me king over a great people, like the stof of the earth.

II Chronicles 1:10 now give me wisdom and knowledge, so that i may go out before this people. for who can judge this great your people ? "

II Chronicles 1:11 then god said to solomon, " because these things were in your heart and you did not ask wealth, rich, or glory, or the life of your enemies, and not asked for many days, but asked for you wisdom and knowledge to judge my people over whom i have made you king,

II Chronicles 1:12 the wisdom and knowledge are given to you, and i will give you wealth, wealth, and glory, so that there has never been like you among the kinging before you and there will be no longer after you. "

II Chronicles 1:13 then solomon came from the offering in gibeon from the tabernacle of the testimony in jerusalem, and he reigned over israel.

II Chronicles 1:14 salomo gathered hors and ruiters, and he had a thousand and four hundred wages and twelve thousand horses. he left them in the towns of the ways and with the king in jerusalem.

II Chronicles 1:15 then the king made the silver and gold like stones in jerusalem, and cedrs like the figs that were in the laev-laeving figs in the laevand.

II Chronicles 1:16 the horses from egypt were brought out of egypt. those who were sexually immorality of the king were going to carry them.

II Chronicles 1:17 so they went up and brought a walls out of egypt for sexth hundred silver coins and a horse for one hundred fifty silver. so they did this to all the rulers of the hetitans and the king of syria.

II Chronicles 2:1 when it was in order, salomon said to build a house for the name of the lord and a palt for his kingdom.

II Chronicles 2:2 solomon made a number of seventy-000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000.000.

II Chronicles 2:3 after this, solomon sent to hiram, king of tyre, to say, " just as you have done with my father david, and you sent cedrs to him to build a house to live in it.

II Chronicles 2:4 " i will be in order, and i will bow a house for the name of the lord my god, to make him holy, to offering incense before him, always to offer the offering offering and offering the offering offering for the morning and the afternoon, the sabbath, nears, and the feast of the lord our god. this is eternal respect for israel.

II Chronicles 2:5 the house that i make i will be great, for our god is great than all the gods.

II Chronicles 2:6 it is the wilderness and who can be able to build a house for him ? the heavens and the heavens of heaven can not receive him. but who am i to build a house for him except to build incense before him ?

II Chronicles 2:7 now send me a man who is wise to make in gold, silver, bronze, iron, purple, purple, and purple clothing, who is with me in judah and jerusalem that my father david has prepared.

II Chronicles 2:8 listen to me and send me cepress, cypress, and cypress from the libano. i know that your servants know to cut the trees from the libano. and look, my servants will be with my servants.

II Chronicles 2:9 they will go in order to make ready much tree for me, because the house i will bow will be great and terrible.

II Chronicles 2:10 i will see to the officers who calls the tree for food i give to your servants two thousand cors of wheat, thousand thousand of horse, thousand thousand of wine, and thousand thousand of olive oil. "

II Chronicles 2:11 hiram the king of tyre said in a scripture that he sent to solomon : " because the lord loves his people, he has put you as king over them. "

II Chronicles 2:12 " blessed is the lord, the god of israel, who made heaven and earth, who has given to the king david a wise son who knows knowledge and knowledge to rebuild a house for the lord and a palt for his kingdom.

II Chronicles 2:13 " now i have sent you a wise man who knows knowledge, to hiram my father,

II Chronicles 2:14 his mother from the daughter of dan and his father is a man of tyrus who causes to make in gold, silver, bronze, iron, stone, and stone, in purple clothing, in purple clothing, in fine purple, in fine purple, and in fine purple, and in fine purple, and in fine purple, and in fine purple, and in fine purple, and in linl clothing, and to think with your wise and with your wise men.

II Chronicles 2:15 even now must he send his servants the wheat, the order, the olive, and the wine that my lord said.

II Chronicles 2:16 we will also spend the tree from the lebanon according to all your need, and we will put them in pieces on the sea to jafo, and you will bring them to jerusalem. "

II Chronicles 2:17 solomon gathered together all the extrancy who were in the land of israel, after the number his father david had numered. they were found about hundred and fifty thousand and six thousand.

II Chronicles 2:18 he made seventy-two thousand of number of them, and taventy-two thousand opportors of pieces and three thousand and six thousand opportors of the people.

II Chronicles 3:1 then solomon began to rebuild the temple of the lord in jerusalem, on the mountain of moria, where the lord appeared to his father david, on the place that david had prepared at the dresser of ornan the jebusean.

II Chronicles 3:2 he began to build on the second day of the second month, at the fourth of his kingdom.

II Chronicles 3:3 now this is the message that salomo began to rebuild the house of god : a length of a length of the first measure was seventy whether, and the breadth of seventy-four.

II Chronicles 3:4 the portice, which was in the side of the house, was a length of twenty-four looks and a hundred and twenty-four. he overcoved it inside with pure gold.

II Chronicles 3:5 however, he bread the great city with cepress and overcoved it with a purtain gold, and wrapped on it palmas and palms.

II Chronicles 3:6 he made the house in precious stones for glory. the gold was the gold of parvaim.

II Chronicles 3:7 he revealed the house, the wells, the wells, the wells, and the wells, with gold, and lived cherubs on the wall.

II Chronicles 3:8 he made the holy place. it was a length of a length of two covados and his breading two whoth. he overtrad it with a pure gold in two hundred talents.

II Chronicles 3:9 the greeting of the galls were fifty of fifty silver. and he overloved the rument with gold.

II Chronicles 3:10 in the högh-holy place he made two cherubins of works and overcoved them with gold.

II Chronicles 3:11 the vinger of the cherubs had a length of thirty whations. the one winger was five years and touched the wall of the house, and the other winger was five years and touched the winger of the other cherub.

II Chronicles 3:12 the winger of the one cherub was five years and touched the wall of the house, and the other winger was five years and touched the winger of the other cherub.

II Chronicles 3:13 the vinger of the cherubs were breatly extended, four years. they stood on their feet, their face turned to the house.

II Chronicles 3:14 he made the curtain from bull clothing, purple, scarlet, and fine linen, and dressed cherubs on it.

II Chronicles 3:15 then he made two piles in the presence of the temple, two women of thirty and four looks, and their heads were five years.

II Chronicles 3:16 he also made crowns in the debir and placed them on the head of the colonne. he made hundred granears and placed them on the stones.

II Chronicles 3:17 he pystyted the pillers before the temple, one on his right and the other at his left. the one who was at the right name was jachin and the left boaz.

II Chronicles 4:1 he made a altar of bronze, twenty-four years longer and two years bread and ten whether high.

II Chronicles 4:2 he made a sea of ross, ten years from ross around the ross around the ross, and a ross of five years alone, and a ross of thirty whations was around it.

II Chronicles 4:3 in the middle around her were a figure of hors, around her around, ten women. they put the wash around her around her around. they had put the backs with their sword.

II Chronicles 4:4 there was on twelve horns : three looked to the nord, three on the west, three on the west, three on the west, three on the west, three on the west, and the sea was on them along.

II Chronicles 4:5 its rost were old, and its bread was like the break of a cup. it was gathered as a flock of a cup. there was a flour of three thousand.

II Chronicles 4:6 he also made ten baskets and placed the five on the right hand and five on the left. the offering offering of the holocausts were burned in them, but the sea was to wash the priests in it.

II Chronicles 4:7 he made ten golden lampstands according to the present reason, and placed them in the temple courts, five on the right hand and five on his left.

II Chronicles 4:8 he also made ten tables and placed them in the temple, five on the right hand and five on his left. he made a hundred goldene bowls.

II Chronicles 4:9 he also made the priesthood ' s courtyard, the great courtyard, the door for the courtyard, and he overcowed their gates with bronze.

II Chronicles 4:10 he put the sea on the right side of the temple to the west side.

II Chronicles 4:11 hiram made the scrolls, the fever, and the fever. so hiram finished the work that he had done for the king solomon in the house of god,

II Chronicles 4:12 two colonne and the two kapitles on the head of the two colonne, two nets to bear the two nets of the kapitles on the head of the colonne,

II Chronicles 4:13 and the four hundred granitians for the two nets, two rives of granathewns in each fletter to bear the two kapitles of the kapitles on on the colonne.

II Chronicles 4:14 he made the baskets and placed the backs on the bases,

II Chronicles 4:15 the one sea, the twelve bees under it,

II Chronicles 4:16 the pains, the pains, the pains, and all their reason hiram made for the king solomon for the temple of the lord with pure bronze.

II Chronicles 4:17 in the region of the jordan river the king funded them in a ground of the land, in the house of succoth and sereda.

II Chronicles 4:18 so solomon made all these gifts in great number, because the shaper of bronze did not find away.

II Chronicles 4:19 solomon made all the powers that were in the house of god : the golden altar, the tables on which were the sacred bread,

II Chronicles 4:20 the lampstands and the lampen for the light according to the order before the sanctuary,

II Chronicles 4:21 the lampstands, their lampstands, the lampstands, the lampstands, and the lampstands of gold,

II Chronicles 4:22 and the clothing of the incears, districted to the temple of the temple, the inside of the temple, the inside of the temple, was made of gold.

II Chronicles 5:1 when all the works solomon had done for the temple of the lord, salomo brought the things that his father david had holy. he gave the silver and gold and all the mifts in the treasures of the temple of god.

II Chronicles 5:2 then solomon gathered the elders of israel, all the rulers of the tribes, the families of the families of israel, to jerusalem to bring the ark of the covenant of the lord from the city of david ( that is zion ).

II Chronicles 5:3 then all the men of israel were assembled before the king at the feast, that is the seventh month.

II Chronicles 5:4 when all the elders of israel came, the levites took the ark.

II Chronicles 5:5 they brought the ark and the tent of testimony and all the holy powers that were in the tent. the priests and the lévites brought it up.

II Chronicles 5:6 so the king salomo and the whole israelition gathered before him before the ark offered sheep and sheep that were not able to number or number because of the large group.

II Chronicles 5:7 then the priests brought the ark of the covenant of the lord to its place, in the deceat of the temple, in the högh-holy place, under the wings of the cherubs.

II Chronicles 5:8 the cherubs extended their vinger over the place of the ark, and the cherubs opened the ark and its stangen from above.

II Chronicles 5:9 the stangen were greater than that that the hocks were seen from the sanctuary in the presence of the sanctuary, but they did not see outside. so they were there to this day.

II Chronicles 5:10 there was nothing in the ark, except the two table moses had placed at horeb, when the lord committed a covenant with the israelites when they went out of egypt.

II Chronicles 5:11 now when the priests went out of the sanctuary, because all the priests who were there were sanctified and were not completed according to the arms,

II Chronicles 5:12 and all the levititians, the musices, all the people of asaf, heman, jeduthun, their sons and their brothers, dressed in fine linen, with cymbalos, harpas, and cithers, standing in the east of the altar, and with them 120 priests who were trumpet with trumpet. )

II Chronicles 5:13 when the trumpet and the trumpet were raised with one voice to praise and praise to the lord, and when they raised the voice with trumpet, cymbalos, and instruments of instrument, and began to praise the lord because he was good, because his mercy is good, and his mercy is eternal. " then the house, the house of the lord, was filled with a cloud.

II Chronicles 5:14 so the priests were not able to stand and serve because of the cloud, because the glory of the lord filled the house of god.

II Chronicles 6:1 then solomon said, " the lord said to remain in the darkness.

II Chronicles 6:2 but i have built a house for you holy, a place where you will live forever. "

II Chronicles 6:3 then the king turned his face and blessed the whole israel of israel. all the church of israel stood there.

II Chronicles 6:4 he said, " blessed is the lord, god of israel, who spoke with his hand to david my father and fulfilled with his hand. he said,

II Chronicles 6:5 from the day i brought my people out of the land of egypt i have not chosen a city from all the tribes of israel to bow a house where my name would be there, nor have i chosen a man to be a ruler over my people israel.

II Chronicles 6:6 but i have chosen jerusalem to be there my name, and i have chosen david to be over my people israel. '

II Chronicles 6:7 my father david intended to build a house to the name of the lord, god of israel.

II Chronicles 6:8 but the lord said to david my father, ' since you have in your heart to build a house to my name, you have done well that it was in your heart.

II Chronicles 6:9 nevertheless, you will not build the house, but your son who will come from your heads will build the house to my name. '

II Chronicles 6:10 so the lord has confirmed his message that he spoke. i have become in the place of my father david and sat down on the throne of israel, as the lord promised, and i have built a house to the name of the lord, god of israel.

II Chronicles 6:11 and i have put the ark there, in which is the covenant of the lord that he made with the people of israel. "

II Chronicles 6:12 then he stood before the altar of the lord in the presence of the whole israel of israel and extended his hands.

II Chronicles 6:13 for salomo had made a shak of bronze in the middle of the temple, a length of five covados, a bread of five covados and a large side of three covados. he stood on it, knew down with parents before the whole israelition, extended his hands to heaven

II Chronicles 6:14 and said, " lord, god of israel ! there is no god like you in heaven or on earth. you are guarding the covenant and the mercy to your servants who live before you with all your heart.

II Chronicles 6:15 you have obeyed what you promised to your servant david my father what you promised to him. you have spoken what you spoke with your mouth and fulfilled with your hand, as it is now.

II Chronicles 6:16 now now, lord, god of israel, hold the promise you promised to your servant david my father, saying, ' no one will find away for you on my presence, seated on the throne of israel, if your sons obey their way and follow my law just as you have followed me. '

II Chronicles 6:17 now now, lord, god of israel, let your message that you promised to your servant david !

II Chronicles 6:18 but will god really live on earth ? look ! the heavens and the heavens of heaven cannot accept you, how then is this house i have built !

II Chronicles 6:19 but listen to the prayer of your servant and to my supplice, lord my god, to hear the supplice and prayer that your servant prays before you.

II Chronicles 6:20 let your eyes be opened against this house day and night, against the place about which you have said to live your name there, to hear the prayer your servant prays to this place.

II Chronicles 6:21 listen to the prayer of your servant and your people israel, when they pray in this place. listen from the place where you live, from heaven, and listen and forgive !

II Chronicles 6:22 if anyone sins against his neighbor and he comes a swear to proclaim him, and if he comes and swears before your altar in this house,

II Chronicles 6:23 then listen you in heaven and do it, and judge your servants. repay the evil person and repay his way on his head, to justify the righteous, repay him according to his righteousness.

II Chronicles 6:24 if your people israel will be destroyed from the enemies because they have sinned against you, and they return and confess your name and pray and pray before you in this house,

II Chronicles 6:25 then listen you in heaven and forgive your people israel the sins and bring them back into the land that you have given to them and to their ancestors.

II Chronicles 6:26 " if heaven is certained and there is no rain because they have sinned against you, and they pray in this place and praise your name and turn back from their sins because you humble them,

II Chronicles 6:27 then listen you in heaven and forgive your servants and your people israel, clearing them the good way to which they can go, and give rain on your land that you gave it to your people as a ervant.

II Chronicles 6:28 " if there is a famine on the earth, if there is death, whether healing, sprinder, locusts or rucks, if their enemies tries them in the presence of their towns, if there is any plage or harm,

II Chronicles 6:29 every prayer or every prayer that anyone or all your people israel may pray, if each one knows his plage and his sickness and extends his hands on this house,

II Chronicles 6:30 then listen tu in heaven, from the place where you live, and forgive him, and give each each according to all his deeds, because you know his heart - for you only know the hearts of the men of men ),

II Chronicles 6:31 so they will be afraid of you all the time they live on the face of the land you gave to our ancestors.

II Chronicles 6:32 and if a extrancy who does not come from your people israel and comes from a great country for your great name, your starte hand, and your extended arm, and when he comes and pray in this place,

II Chronicles 6:33 then listen it in heaven, the place where you live, and do everything he calls to you, so that all the peoples of the earth know your name and fear you, as your people israel, and understand that the name of you is called over this temple i have built.

II Chronicles 6:34 " if your people go out to combation against his enemies on the way you send them, and they pray to you according to this city that you have chosen, and to the house i have built for your name,

II Chronicles 6:35 then listen in heaven their prayer and prayer and make their right.

II Chronicles 6:36 if they sins against you - because there is no one who does not sin ), and you strike against them and give them in the fiend of the enemie, and those who caused them captive will take them captive into a ferl or near land,

II Chronicles 6:37 but if they turn their hearts in the land where they were captives, and return and pray for you in their captivity, saying, ' we have committed adultery, we have committed evil "

II Chronicles 6:38 if they turns to you with all their heart and their whole soul in the land of their captivity, and pray to the way to their land that you gave to their ancestors, to the city that you have chosen, and to the house i have built for your name,

II Chronicles 6:39 then listen in heaven, from the place where you live, their prayer and supplice, make their judgments and forgive your people, because they have sinned against you.

II Chronicles 6:40 now now, my god, let your eyes be open and your ears listen to the prayer in this place.

II Chronicles 6:41 so then, stand up, lord god, into your rest, you and the ark of your power ! may your priests, lord god, be clothed in salvation, and may your people celebrate about what is good.

II Chronicles 6:42 lord god, do not reject your christ ' s face. remember the mercy that you have given to david your servant ! "

II Chronicles 7:1 when salomo had finished prayer, the fire came down from heaven and devoured the holocausts and the sacrifices, and the glory of the lord filled the temple.

II Chronicles 7:2 so the priests were not able to enter the house of the lord because the glory of the lord filled the house.

II Chronicles 7:3 when all the people of israel saw the fire descending and the glory of the lord on the house, they fell with his face to the ground and worshiped and praised the lord, because he was good, because his mercy is eternal. "

II Chronicles 7:4 then the king and all the people sacrificed sacrifices before the lord.

II Chronicles 7:5 so the king and all the people offered the sacrifice of the sacrifice of twenty-two thousand and 120 000 beast. so the king and all the people encouraged the house of god.

II Chronicles 7:6 the priests were standing in their guards, and the levits with the instruments of instruments of the lord, which king david had performed to celebrate the lord, because his mercy is eternal with the hymns of david through their hands. the priests continued to trumpet before them, and all the people stood before them.

II Chronicles 7:7 so salomo sanctified the middle of the courtyard before the house of the lord, because he had offered there the holocausts and the flesh of the sacrifices of salvation, because the bronce altar that salomo had made were not able to take the holocausts, the sacrifice, and the flesh.

II Chronicles 7:8 in that time solomon and all the israelites with him celebred the feast, a great church from the coming of hamath to the torrent of egypt.

II Chronicles 7:9 on the eighth day they prepared a feast, for the offering of the altar they prepared seven days and feast for seven days.

II Chronicles 7:10 on the venty-third day of the seventh month he sent the people to their tents, glad and good heart because of the good things the lord had done to david, to solomon, and to his people israel.

II Chronicles 7:11 so when salomo had finished the temple of the lord and the palace of the king, and all what solomon had desire to do in the temple of the lord and in his own house,

II Chronicles 7:12 then the lord appeared to solomon in the night and said to him, " i have heard your prayer and chosen this place for me as a house of sacrifice.

II Chronicles 7:13 if i keep the sky so that there is no rain or if i command the locusts to eat the tree and if i send pest among my people,

II Chronicles 7:14 if my people, over whom my name is called, confess and pray and causes my face and return from their evil wells, i will listen from heaven and forgive their sins and heal their land.

II Chronicles 7:15 now my eyes will be open, and my ears will listen to the prayer in this place.

II Chronicles 7:16 now now i have chosen and sanctified this house to be my name there to ever, and my eyes and my heart will be there always.

II Chronicles 7:17 and if you follow me as your father david, and you hold as i have commanded you, and obey my commandments and decrition,

II Chronicles 7:18 then i will confirme the throne of your kingdom, as i promised to your father david, saying, ' you will not take away a man who remains over israel. '

II Chronicles 7:19 but if you return and destroy my statuts and my commandments that i have put before you, and go and serve others and worship them,

II Chronicles 7:20 then i will remove you out of the land i have given to them, and i will drive away from my presence this temple i have sanctified for my name, and i will make it as a parable and a spoke among all the nations.

II Chronicles 7:21 and if this house is high, everyone who passes through it will be afraid and say, ' why has the lord done this land and this house ? '

II Chronicles 7:22 and will say, ' because they have forgiven the lord, the god of their ancestors, who had led them out of the land of egypt, and addressed others and worshiped them, so he has brought over them all this evil. ' "

II Chronicles 8:1 after three years when salomo had built the temple of the lord and his own house,

II Chronicles 8:2 then solomon rebuked the towns that hiram had given to solomon, and he divided the israelites there.

II Chronicles 8:3 so solomon went to hamath soba and forced it.

II Chronicles 8:4 he also built tadmor in the wilderness and all the towns that he had built in hamath.

II Chronicles 8:5 he built the obove beth-horon and the near bet-horon, fortificated city with muur, ports, and rives,

II Chronicles 8:6 baalath, all the beautiful towns of solomon, all the towns of the waves, the towns of the horses, and all the desires he desired to build in jerusalem, on the libano, and in all his region.

II Chronicles 8:7 all the people left over, the hetitans, the amoritans, the perizzians, the hevies, and the jebusees, who were not from israel,

II Chronicles 8:8 now some of their sons who remained after them in the earth, whom the israelites had not destroyed. ) then solomon brought them up as last, to which they are to this day.

II Chronicles 8:9 yet solomon did not give some of the people of israel as slaves for his kingdom, but they were battle, rulers of his officers, the rulers of his ways and of his ruiters.

II Chronicles 8:10 these were the rulers of the officers of king solomon, two hundred fifty who were oppoing the people.

II Chronicles 8:11 now solomon brought the daughter of pharaoh from the city of david to the house he had bought for her, because he said, " my wife must not live in the city of david the king of israel, because she is holy because the ark of the lord has come there. "

II Chronicles 8:12 then solomon offered offerings to the lord on the altar that he had built before the temple.

II Chronicles 8:13 each day according to the instruction of every day according to the commandment of moses, the sabbath, the night, and the feast of the feast, three times in the year, on the feast of unleavened bread, on the feast of the seeds, and on the feast of loaves.

II Chronicles 8:14 he revealed the divisions of his david, his david, the divisions of the priests according to their service, the lévites to their guards, to praise and to serve the priests according to the order of every day, and the poortiers according to their divisions to each door, because this was the commandment of david the man of god.

II Chronicles 8:15 they did not pass away from the commandments of the king about the priests and the lévites in every order or in the treasurs.

II Chronicles 8:16 so all the works were prepared from the day on which it was themselves themselves, until salomo had performed the temple of the lord.

II Chronicles 8:17 then solomon went to esion-geber and elath, at the sea of the sea, in the land of edom.

II Chronicles 8:18 hiram sent for his servants boats and slaves who knew the sea. they went with the servants of solomon in ofir and took there four hundred fifty talents gold and brought them to the king solomon.

II Chronicles 9:1 when the koningin of saba heard about solomon, she came to jerusalem to test solomon with examplations, with a great power, with kamels carry especies, gold in abundance, and precious stones. when she came to solomon, she spoke with him everything she had in her heart.

II Chronicles 9:2 so solomon reported her all her words. nothing was left to solomon that she did not report him.

II Chronicles 9:3 when the koningin of saba saw the wisdom of solomon and the house he had built,

II Chronicles 9:4 the food of his table, the sittation of his servants, the stal of his servants, their clothing, his munchers, his clothing, and the brance he had offered in the temple of the lord, she was in anger.

II Chronicles 9:5 she said to the king, " what i heard in my land about your words and your wisdom is true.

II Chronicles 9:6 but i did not believe their words until i came and saw my eyes. and look, i have not told me the half of your great wisdom. you have explained the report i have heard.

II Chronicles 9:7 blessed are your men, blessed are these servants who are always standing before you and hear your wisdom !

II Chronicles 9:8 blessed be the lord your god, who has desired to you to put you on his throne as king for the lord your god. because your god loves israel to confirme it for ever, he has put you to be king over them to do justice and righteousness. "

II Chronicles 9:9 she gave the king 120 talents gold, a large number of aromatic spices and precious stones. there were no aromatic aromatic aromatic aromatic aromatic spices that the koningin of saba gave to king solomon.

II Chronicles 9:10 now the servants of hiram and the servants of hiram who brought gold from ofir, brought with almuggimhout and precious stones.

II Chronicles 9:11 the king prepared for the temple of the lord and the palace of the temple courts, with harpas and psalters for the spiers. such things were no longer seen in the land of judah.

II Chronicles 9:12 now king solomon gave the ester of saba everything she asked, except what she had brought to king. so she returned to her land.

II Chronicles 9:13 the pesse of the gold that was brought to solomon in one year was 666 talents gold

II Chronicles 9:14 really they brought gold and silver to the officers. even all the kings of arabia and the governor of the earth brought gold and silver to solomon.

II Chronicles 9:15 then king solomon teeted two hundred roubs of gold of gold. each of them paid two hundred silver coins of gold,

II Chronicles 9:16 and three hundred gifts of gold gold transported for each one of them. and the king put them in the house of the sea of the libano.

II Chronicles 9:17 then the king made a great throne of elfenben and overcoved it with pure gold.

II Chronicles 9:18 the throne had sex pains, dressed with gold, and pieces on each side of the throne, and two leones stood along the pains.

II Chronicles 9:19 and twelve leons stood there on the sex stups of the sex grains. this way was not done in every kingdom.

II Chronicles 9:20 all the powers of king ' s king were made of gold, and all the vaises in the house of the sea of the libano were made of pure gold. silver, silver, was made in solomon ' s days.

II Chronicles 9:21 for the king ' s shepen went to tarsis with the servants of hiram. for three years the tarsis ' s boats came and brought gold, silver, elfenbew, cypress, and pipars.

II Chronicles 9:22 so king solomon became greater than all the other kings in riches and wisdom.

II Chronicles 9:23 all the kings of the earth were trying to look for solomon to hear his wisdom god had put in his heart.

II Chronicles 9:24 each of them brought his offering : silver, golden, golden clothing, clothing, clothing, aromatic things, horses, and muls, every year.

II Chronicles 9:25 solomon had four thousand of horses, whears, and twelve thousand lovers. he placed them in the towns of the wags and with the king in jerusalem.

II Chronicles 9:26 he was governor over all the kings from the river until the land of the philisters and the region of egypt.

II Chronicles 9:27 the king made the silver and gold like stones in jerusalem, and the cedrs like the figs of figs in the laevand.

II Chronicles 9:28 they brought hors to solomon from egypt and from all the regions.

II Chronicles 9:29 the rest of salomon, the first and the last, is written of the cronicas of nathan the prophet, in the message of ahia the silo, and in the visions of the siener joel about jeroboam, the son of nebat ?

II Chronicles 9:30 salomo reigned to jerusalem over all israel for firty years.

II Chronicles 9:31 then solomon entered his father and buried him in the city of his father david. his son rehabeam blev reign in his place.

II Chronicles 10:1 rehabeam went to sichem, because the whole israel had come to sichem to make him king.

II Chronicles 10:2 now when jeroboam, the son of nebat, heard this, he was in egypt where he had fugped before the king solomon ), he returned from egypt.

II Chronicles 10:3 so they sent and sent him. then jerobeam and the whole israel came and said to rehabeam,

II Chronicles 10:4 " your father endured our yoke hard, but now leave our hard service and the hard yoke that your father placed on us, then we will serve you. "

II Chronicles 10:5 he said to them, " follow three days and come to me. " so the people went away.

II Chronicles 10:6 then king rehoboam was counted with the elders who stood before his father solomon while he lived, saying, " what do you consider to give this people ? "

II Chronicles 10:7 they said to him, " if you are good to this people and please them and speak good words to them, they will be your servants for all times. "

II Chronicles 10:8 but he left the plan of the elders that they had given him, and consulted with the children who had gathered with him and stood before him.

II Chronicles 10:9 he asked them, " what do you consider to answer this people who spoke to me, ' put off the yoke your father has put on on us ? "

II Chronicles 10:10 the women who had gathered with him said to him, " speak to the people who said to you, ' your father has put our yoke hard, but remove you to us, ' say to you, ' my little finger is greater than my father ' s heupe.

II Chronicles 10:11 now if my father taught you a swaar oil, i will put you to more. my father has casted you with picks, but i will stray you with scorpions ! ' "

II Chronicles 10:12 then jeroboam and all the people came to rehabeam on the third day, just as the king had spoken, saying, " return back to me on the third day. "

II Chronicles 10:13 the king added hard, and reached the plan of the elders,

II Chronicles 10:14 he said to them according to the plan of the youngers, saying, " if my father has put your yoke hard, i will put it more to more. my father has casted you with scorpions, but i will punish you with scorpions. "

II Chronicles 10:15 so the king did not listen to the people, because it was permitted from god so that the lord would reveal his message that he had spoken to jeroboam, the son of nebat.

II Chronicles 10:16 when all the people of israel saw that the king did not listen to them, the people answered the king, " what part have we in david ? we have no part in isais ' s son ! to your homes, israel ! look now at your house, david ! " so all the people went to his homes.

II Chronicles 10:17 but rehabeam reigned to the people of israel who live in the towns of judah.

II Chronicles 10:18 then the king rehabeam sent adoram, who was over the tributation, but the israelites stened him to death, and he died. then the king rehabeam stood quicchly on his wagn and fued to jerusalem.

II Chronicles 10:19 so israel rebelled from the house of david until this day.

II Chronicles 11:1 now when rehabeam came to jerusalem, he gathered the people of judah and benjamin, a hundred and eighty thousand, belonging to make battle with israel and turn the kingdom back to rehabeam.

II Chronicles 11:2 but the word of god came to shemaja the man of god, saying,

II Chronicles 11:3 " tell rehabeam, the son of salomon, the kingdom of judah, and to all israel of juda and benjamin, saying :

II Chronicles 11:4 " so says the lord, ' do not ascend or combation against your brothers. return each one to his home, for i have done this. " so they obeyed the message of the lord and turned back from to go against jeroboam.

II Chronicles 11:5 so rehabeam remained in jerusalem, and he bought a fortification in judea.

II Chronicles 11:6 he bought bethlehem, etam, tekoa,

II Chronicles 11:7 betsura, succoth, adullam,

II Chronicles 11:8 gath, maresa, ziph,

II Chronicles 11:9 adoraim, lachis, azeka,

II Chronicles 11:10 sorah, ajalon, and hebron. they were fortificated toward juda and benjamin.

II Chronicles 11:11 he strengthened the mugges and put rulers in them and put charge of food, olive oil, and wine.

II Chronicles 11:12 in every town he made flasses and spies and strengthened them in great number. so judas and benjamin were his possessions.

II Chronicles 11:13 now the priests and the levites who were in the entire israel came together to him from all his regionity.

II Chronicles 11:14 for the lévites left their possessions and their possessions and went to judah and jerusalem, because jeroboam and his sons seized them from the service of the lord.

II Chronicles 11:15 he also made priests for the household, for the idols, and for the bears that he had made.

II Chronicles 11:16 and from every tribe of israel who had given their hearts to look for the lord, god of israel, and went to jerusalem to offer the sacrifice to the lord, the god of their ancestors.

II Chronicles 11:17 so they strengthened the kingdom of judah and strengthened roboam the son of salomo for three years, because they followed the way of david and solomon for three years.

II Chronicles 11:18 rehabeam took his wife mahalath, a daughter of jerimuth, the son of david, and abihail, daughter of eliab, son of jessé.

II Chronicles 11:19 she gave him sons : jeus, semaria, and zaham.

II Chronicles 11:20 after this he married maacha, daughter of absalom, who gave him abijah, attai, ziza, and selmaveth.

II Chronicles 11:21 reroboam loved maacha, a daughter of absalom, than all his wives and newijds, because he had had eighten wives and sexty concubins, and he became the father of twenty-eight sons and sexty daughters.

II Chronicles 11:22 rehoboam became a ruler of abijah, the son of maacha, a ruler among his brothers, because he intended to make him king.

II Chronicles 11:23 he became greater of all his sons throughout the region of judah and benjamin, in all the befested towns. he gave them great food and asked for many women.

II Chronicles 12:1 when rehoboam ' s kingdom was confirmed and he was strengthened, he left the commandment of the lord, and all the people of israel with him.

II Chronicles 12:2 now in the fifth time of rehoboam ' s kingdom sisak, the king of egypt, went up against jerusalem because they had sinned against the lord.

II Chronicles 12:3 with a thousand and two hundred wags and sexty thousand horses, and there was no number of the number who had come with him from egypt : libians, sukkies, and etiopians.

II Chronicles 12:4 he pushed the fortificated towns in judah and came to jerusalem.

II Chronicles 12:5 then the prophet semajah came to rehabeam and to the rulers of judah who had gathered together to jerusalem because of sisak, and said to them, " so says the lord : you have forgiven me, so so i too have forgiven you in the hand of sisak. ' "

II Chronicles 12:6 then the rulers of israel and the king were confused and said, " the lord is right ! "

II Chronicles 12:7 when the lord saw that they were humilished, the word of the lord came to shemaah, saying, " they have contempted. i will not destroy them, but i will give them salvation for a little while, and my anger will not destroy over jerusalem over jerusalem.

II Chronicles 12:8 but they will become his slaves, so that they will know the service of me and the service of the kingdom of the earth. "

II Chronicles 12:9 so sisak, the king of egypt, went up and took the treasure of the temple of the lord and the treasurs of the palace of the king. he took all things, and took the goldenen waes that salomo had made.

II Chronicles 12:10 after them, rehabeam made kopersks in their place and made them over the rulers of the officers who were guarding the palace of the palace.

II Chronicles 12:11 now as the king entered the temple of the lord, the guards went in and brought them back into the way of the officers.

II Chronicles 12:12 but when herod was revealed, the anger of the lord turned from him so that he could not destroy. even in judah there was good things.

II Chronicles 12:13 so reason rehoboam became strengthened in jerusalem and reigned. for roboam was eventy years when he became along, and he reigned seventh years in jerusalem, the city that the lord had chosen from all the tribes of israel to make his name there. his mother ' s mother was naama, the ammonita.

II Chronicles 12:14 he did what was evil, because he did not recognize his heart to look to god.

II Chronicles 12:15 the historations of rehoboam, both first and last, is opposed in the cronicas of the prophet semajah, and of iddo the seener ? so he began to strike with rehabeam and jeroboam always.

II Chronicles 12:16 then roboam died to his ancestors and was buried with his ancestors in the city of david. and his son abijah blev reign in his place.

II Chronicles 13:1 in the artenth years of the kingdom of jerobeam, abijah became king over juda.

II Chronicles 13:2 he reigned three years in jerusalem. his mother was the name of uriel from gibeon. and there was a battle among abijah and jeroboam.

II Chronicles 13:3 so abijah, with a power of strict of power, were four hundred ( 4000000000.000 ) strict. so jeroboam stood in battle against him with fifty thousand ( 8000000000.000 ) strict.

II Chronicles 13:4 so abia stood up the mountain of samaria, that is in the mountain of ephraim, and said, " listen to me, jeroboam and all israel !

II Chronicles 13:5 you do not know that the lord, the god of israel, has given king over israel forever, to david and his sons, with a soul of salt ?

II Chronicles 13:6 but jeroboam, the son of nebat, the servant of solomon, the son of david, stood up and rebelled against his master.

II Chronicles 13:7 then some transgressed people, unbelievers, assembled against him and stood up to rehabeam the son of salomon, because rehabeam was dead and strong of heart, and they were not able to stand before them.

II Chronicles 13:8 and now you think to stand before the kingdom of the lord that is in the hand of the sons of david, since you are a large multitude and you have an golden stierses that jeroboam made to you as gods.

II Chronicles 13:9 you have not separed the priests of the lord, the sons of aaron, and the levies, and made yourselves priests as the nations of the nations ? everyone who comes up with a beast and seven bodies, would become a priest of those who do not be god.

II Chronicles 13:10 but we, the lord our god, we have not forgiven him, and the priests, who serve the lord, are the sons of aaron, and the levits are their divisions.

II Chronicles 13:11 they will offer sacrifices to the lord early early every morning and early, and offering incense on the clean table. the golden lampstand and the lamps of incense spend down every after, because we hold the prescribment of the lord our god, but you have forgiven him.

II Chronicles 13:12 and look, god is with us in the beginning, and his priests with the trumpets of the trumpet to shepherd against you. you people of israel, do not strike against the lord god of your ancestors, for you will not be good. "

II Chronicles 13:13 but jeroboam rejected the sexual imprisonment to follow them, so that they were before the people of judah, and their insidiers followed them.

II Chronicles 13:14 when the people of judah looked around, they saw that the battle was before them and outside. so they cried to the lord, and the priests turn his trumpet.

II Chronicles 13:15 when the people of judah shouted out, the people of judah began to shout, and god struck jeroboam and all israel before abijah and juda.

II Chronicles 13:16 so the people of israel flow from judah, but god gave them in their hand.

II Chronicles 13:17 abijah and his people struck to them a great plage, so that fifty thousand ( 5000000000.000 ).

II Chronicles 13:18 so the people of israel were humbled at that day, but the people of judah were strengthened because they turned on the lord god of their ancestors.

II Chronicles 13:19 abiah persecuted jeroboam and took the towns from him : bethhel with its villages, jesana with its villages, ephron with its villages.

II Chronicles 13:20 so jeroboam died no power in the time of abijah, but the lord struck him, so that he died.

II Chronicles 13:21 but abijah became strengthened. he took four wives and became the father of twenty-two sons and seventy-six daughters.

II Chronicles 13:22 what of remains of abijah, his deeds and his words were opteed in the scroll of the prophet iddo.

II Chronicles 14:1 abija was died and died with his ancestors, and they buried him in the city of david. his son asa blev king in his place. in his days the land was rest for ten years.

II Chronicles 14:2 he was different, he did what was good and right in the eyes of the lord his god.

II Chronicles 14:3 he destroyed the altares of the others and high altars, threw the stones and destroyed the ashers.

II Chronicles 14:4 thus he said to judah to ask the lord, the god of their ancestors, and to obey the law and the commandments.

II Chronicles 14:5 from all the towns of judah he rejected the altars and idols from all the towns of judah, and there was peace.

II Chronicles 14:6 he experienced mutuful towns in judah, because the earth was in peace, and there was no battle in those years, because the lord gave him rest.

II Chronicles 14:7 " in order, he said to judah, " let us build these cities. we will make wings, torres, ports, and rives. the earth, since we looking for the lord our god, we looked for us and gave us rest from every side. " so they happened.

II Chronicles 14:8 asa had a exercise of two hundred ( 3000000000.000 ). in the region of benjamin, two hundred fifty thousand of benjamin and of the bound, two hundred fifty thousand. they were all large stricts.

II Chronicles 14:9 serah the etiopians went out against them with a power of thousand thousand and two hundred wags, and he came to maresa.

II Chronicles 14:10 asa went out to incontro him, and they dressed to make battle in the dal of maresa to maresa.

II Chronicles 14:11 when it appeared, asa cried out to the lord his god and said, " lord, you are not impossible to save among you among many or a few. be strengthened to us, lord our god, for we hope on you, and in your name we have come against this great multitude. lord, you are our god, do not make a man against you ! "

II Chronicles 14:12 the lord seized the ethiops before judah and the people of judah, and the etiopians flow.

II Chronicles 14:13 asa and his people who were with him persecuted to gerar, and the etiopians fell so that there was no rest of them, because they were destroyed before the lord and his lame. so they took great builde.

II Chronicles 14:14 they destroyed all the villages around gedor, because fear of god was over them. they destroyed all their towns because they had had many builds.

II Chronicles 14:15 they destroyed the women of the creature. they took many sheep and camels and returned to jerusalem.

II Chronicles 15:1 the spirit of god came to azaria, the son of oded,

II Chronicles 15:2 so she went out to meet asa and said to him, " listen to me, asa and all judah and benjamin ! the lord is with you when you are with him. if you look for him, he will be found to you, but if you forgive him, he will forgive you.

II Chronicles 15:3 many days israel was without a true god and not a priest who revealed, and without law.

II Chronicles 15:4 he will return to the lord god of israel, and he will be found for them.

II Chronicles 15:5 at that time there was no peace for the one who came or went, but there was great distress over all the inhabitants of the lands.

II Chronicles 15:6 people walked against nation, and town against town, because god explained them with all affliction.

II Chronicles 15:7 but you must be strengthened and do not destroy your hands, for there is reward for your works. "

II Chronicles 15:8 when asa heard these words and the prophecy of oded the prophet, he became strengthened, and rejected the abominations from all the land of judah and benjamin, and from the towns he had possessed in the mountain of ephraim. then he revealed the altar of the lord, which was before the temple of the lord.

II Chronicles 15:9 then he gathered all the people of judah and benjamin, and those who were among them from ephraim, manasseh, and simeon, because many of israel were brought to him when they saw that the lord his god was with him.

II Chronicles 15:10 so they gathered together in jerusalem in the third month, in the feventh years of the kingdom of asa.

II Chronicles 15:11 in that day they offered sacrifice to the lord from the buil they had brought, seven hundred hors and seven thousand sheep.

II Chronicles 15:12 they went in a covenant to look for the lord, the god of their ancestors, with all their heart and all their soul.

II Chronicles 15:13 and if anyone did not look for the lord, the god of israel, will be killed, both young or elders, both men or woman.

II Chronicles 15:14 and they swored to the lord with loud voice, with trumpet and with trumpet.

II Chronicles 15:15 all the people of judah were glad about the swear, because they swored with all their soul, and they were looking for him with all their desires, and he was found to them, and the lord gave them rest from all time.

II Chronicles 15:16 so asa rejected his mother maacha from there to be ministry to astarte. she destroyed the idol of idols and swallowed it in the torrent of kidron.

II Chronicles 15:17 yet the offerings were not rejected in israel, but asa ' s heart was full in all his days.

II Chronicles 15:18 he brought in the house of god what his father had holy, silver and gold and silver.

II Chronicles 15:19 there was no battle until the thirty and fifth time of the kingdom of asa.

II Chronicles 16:1 in the thirty and eighth anno of the kingdom of asa baesa, the king of israel went up against judah and built rama so that he would not give anyone to go or enter asa, king of judah.

II Chronicles 16:2 so asa took silver and gold from the treasures of the temple of the lord and the palace of the kingdom of the lord, and sent it to ben-hadad the king of syria who remained in damascus, saying,

II Chronicles 16:3 " let a covenant be among me and you, as well as the father and your father. look, i am sending you silver and gold. get and destroy the covenant with baesa, king of israel, so that he may go away from me ! "

II Chronicles 16:4 ben-hadad heard king asa and sent his leaders against the cities of israel. they destroyed ijon, dan, abel-maim, and all the regions of the region of nafthali.

II Chronicles 16:5 when baesa heard this, he left to build rama again and destroyed his work.

II Chronicles 16:6 then king asa took all the people of judah and took up the stones of rama and the trees that baesa had completed. with them he explained giba and mispa.

II Chronicles 16:7 at that time the prophet hanani came to asa, king of judah, and said to him, " because you have confident the king of syrian and have not confident your god, then the power of the power of syria was saved from your hand.

II Chronicles 16:8 were the etiopians and the libians a great power of lame and horse ? but because you were confident in the lord, he gave them into your hand.

II Chronicles 16:9 for the lord ' s eyes see all the earth to strengthen him with all the full heart. you have done this way, because from now on there there will be a combation against you. "

II Chronicles 16:10 asa became anger of the prophet and put him in prison, because he was hard of this. in that time asa insulted some of the people.

II Chronicles 16:11 the gessions of asa, the first and the last, is written in the letter of the rulers of judah and israel.

II Chronicles 16:12 in his three and nighth years of his kingdom, asa became hard in his feet. but in his sickness he did not look for the lord but for the healers.

II Chronicles 16:13 as asa died to his ancestors, he died in the thirty and night of his kingdom.

II Chronicles 16:14 they buried him in the tomb that had graved for himself in the city of david. they put him on a bed, filled with aromatic aromatic clothing and various aromatic oil.

II Chronicles 17:1 his son jehoshafat remained in his place. he became strengthened against israel

II Chronicles 17:2 he also gave power in all the befested towns of judah and constited governors in the region of judah and in the towns of ephraim that his father asa had arrested.

II Chronicles 17:3 and the lord was with josafat, because he wanted in the first way of his father david, and did not suffer the baales,

II Chronicles 17:4 but he asked the god of his father and went on his commandments and not like the deeds of israel.

II Chronicles 17:5 so the lord confirmed the kingdom in his hand, and all the people gave joshafat presentations, and he had great riches and glory.

II Chronicles 17:6 his heart was exalted in the way of the lord, and he divided the offerings and the ashera-bilders from judah.

II Chronicles 17:7 in his third years he sent his rulers, obadja, zechariah, nethanael, and micha to teach in the towns of judah.

II Chronicles 17:8 and with them the lévites semaja, nethany, zebadja, asael, semiramoth, jonatan, adonija, tobias, the lévites, and with them the priests elisama and joram.

II Chronicles 17:9 they began to teach in judah, and they had the scroll of the law of the lord. they went throughout all the towns of judah and began to teach the people.

II Chronicles 17:10 there was a fear of god over all the rigs of the regions around judah, so that they did not strike against jehoshapata.

II Chronicles 17:11 now some of the philistins brought to jehossafat donquets, silver, and gifts. the arabians brought for him seven thousand of sheep and seven thousand sheep.

II Chronicles 17:12 so jehoshafat was greater than high. he built in judah prisoners and fortificates.

II Chronicles 17:13 he had great divisions in the regions of judah, and there were large men, large powerful people in jerusalem.

II Chronicles 17:14 this is their number, according to their families : over judah, commanding officers : adna the ruler, and with him were two hundred thousand wear held,

II Chronicles 17:15 after him was the ruler johanan with two hundred and eighty-thousand with him,

II Chronicles 17:16 after him was amasja, the son of zichri, who offered the lord, and with him were two hundred thousand wear held.

II Chronicles 17:17 from benjamin, eliada, a powerful held, with two hundred thousand who were bound with boog and shild.

II Chronicles 17:18 after him was jozabad with 18000000000000000.000.

II Chronicles 17:19 these were the people who served the king, except those who the king had posited in the beautiful towns throughout judea.

II Chronicles 18:1 now jehoshafat had great riches and glory, and he spoke with achab.

II Chronicles 18:2 after some years he went down to achab to samaria. achab offled for him and for the people who were with him, many sheep and bears, and invited him to go up with him against ramoth in gilead.

II Chronicles 18:3 achab, the king of israel, said to josafat, king of judah, " are you going with me to ramoth in gilead ? " he replied, " i am like you, my people and my people will be with you to strike. "

II Chronicles 18:4 but jehoshafat said to the king of israel, " look then for the message of the lord. "

II Chronicles 18:5 then the king of israel gathered the prophets, four hundred men, and asked them, " should we go to battle against ramoth-gilead, or should i stay away ? " they replied, " get up, and god will give them in the hand of the king. "

II Chronicles 18:6 but josafat said, " there is there no one of the lord ' s prophet still to ask for him ? "

II Chronicles 18:7 the king of israel said to josafata, " there is still a man through whom we should look for the lord, but i hatal him, because he does not prophesy about me good but evil. this is michah the son of jimla. " but josafat said, " let the king speak so. "

II Chronicles 18:8 then the king of israel called one eunuch and said, " bring micha, the son of jimla ! "

II Chronicles 18:9 now the king of israel and josafat the king of judah were sitting each one on his throne, dressed in clothing, sitting at the door of the city of samaria, and all the prophets were prophesy before them.

II Chronicles 18:10 then sedecias, the son of kenaana, made for himself iron horns and said, " so says the lord : with these you will strike the syrians until you have finished them. ' "

II Chronicles 18:11 all the prophets prophesy like this, saying, " get up to ramoth in gilead, and you will be placed ! the lord will give it in the hand of the king. "

II Chronicles 18:12 the angel who went to call micha said to him, " look, the prophets of the prophets speak good to the king with one voice. let your words be like one of them and speak good. "

II Chronicles 18:13 but micheah replied, " so as lord lives, what my god says to me, it i will speak. "

II Chronicles 18:14 when he came to the king, the king asked him, " micha, should we go to strike against ramoth in gilead or to spend ? " he replied, " get up, and you will be right, and they will be given into your hand. "

II Chronicles 18:15 but the king said to him, " how often should i proclaim you not to speak to me except the truth in the name of the lord ? "

II Chronicles 18:16 he replied, " i saw all the people of israel dispersed on the mountains like sheep without a shepherd. then the lord said, ' they have no owner. let them return, each one in peace. ' "

II Chronicles 18:17 the king of israel said to josaphat, " did i not tell you that he will not prophesy about me good but evil ? "

II Chronicles 18:18 immediately he said, " listen then the word of the lord : i saw the lord seated on his throne, and all the heavenly power stood at his right and at his left.

II Chronicles 18:19 then the lord said, ' who will deceive achab, the king of israel, that he will ascend and fall in ramoth in gilead ? ' one said this, the other saying the same.

II Chronicles 18:20 then a spirit came and stood before the lord and said, ' i will deceive him ! ' the lord replied, ' by what ? '

II Chronicles 18:21 he replied, ' i will go out and be a false spirit in the mouth of all his prophets. ' but he said, ' you will deceive it and will be able to go. go and do so. '

II Chronicles 18:22 now look, the lord has put a false spirit in the mouth of all these your prophets, and the lord has pronounced evil on you. "

II Chronicles 18:23 then zedekiah, the son of kenaana, approached micha and said to him, " by what way the spirit of the lord went away from me to speak to you ? "

II Chronicles 18:24 micha replied, " you will see at that day when you enter a cammer to secret. "

II Chronicles 18:25 then the king of israel said, " take micha and bring him back to amon, the ruler of the city, and to joas the son of the king.

II Chronicles 18:26 and tell him, ' so says the king, ' throw this man into prison and eat him with bread of affliction and water of affliction until i return in peace. ' "

II Chronicles 18:27 micha replied, " if you return back in peace, the lord has not spoken to me. listen, all peoples !

II Chronicles 18:28 so the king of israel and yosafat, the king of judah, went up to ramoth in gilead.

II Chronicles 18:29 then the king of israel said to jehoshapata, " i will put down and go into the battle, but be you dressed your clothing. " so the king of israel was clothed and went into the battle.

II Chronicles 18:30 now the king of syria had commanded the officions of his waves, saying, " do not strike against the little or great, except against the king of israel. "

II Chronicles 18:31 when the wagers of the wagns saw yosafat, they said, " this is the king of israel ! " so they went around him to strike against him. but josafat cried out, and the lord helped him, and god rejected them from him.

II Chronicles 18:32 when the wagers of the ways saw that it was not the king of israel, they turned away from him.

II Chronicles 18:33 but a man seized a bound unbelievers and struck the king of israel among the panics and the paney. then the angel said to his swear, " turn and bring me out of the battle, for i am sure. "

II Chronicles 18:34 but the battle was completed at that day, and the king of israel stood on his wadow against the sirisy until the afternoon, but he died when the sun came.

II Chronicles 19:1 so jehoshafat, the king of judah, returned to his home in peace to jerusalem.

II Chronicles 19:2 then the prophet jehu, the son of hanani, went out to meet him and said to the king josafat, " do you help the sinner, and love you those who hates the lord ? for this reason the anger of the lord is against you.

II Chronicles 19:3 but there is good words found in you, because you have taken out the ashers from the land and put your heart to require god. "

II Chronicles 19:4 so jehoshafat remained in jerusalem. then he went out again among the people from beerseba until the mountain of ephraim, and returned them to the lord god of their ancestors.

II Chronicles 19:5 he also made judges in in all the befested towns of judah, in every town.

II Chronicles 19:6 then he said to the judgers, " see what you do, for you do not judge for a man but for the lord, and he is with you when you judge.

II Chronicles 19:7 now let the fear of the lord be over you. hold attention to what you make, for there is no unrighteousness against the lord our god, or there is no favor of persons or gifts of gifts. "

II Chronicles 19:8 now in jerusalem jehoshafat made the priests and the priests and the families of the families of israel to judge for the judgment and to judge the people who live in jerusalem.

II Chronicles 19:9 he commanded them, " so you should do in fear of the lord, with truth and with full heart.

II Chronicles 19:10 every judge that comes over you from your brothers who live in their towns, by blood or blood, commandment, instance, and judgments, should you provide them, so that they will not be sinned against the lord, so that wrath or your brothers may come against you and your brothers. so you should do so, and you will not sin.

II Chronicles 19:11 now amarias the priest is your ruler in all the acts of the lord, and zebadja the son of ishmael, the ruler of the house of judah, in every order of the king. the experts in the law and the experts in the law will be before you. be strengthened and make it, and the lord will be with the good. "

II Chronicles 20:1 after this the moabitans, the ammonites, and with them some of the ammonites came to yosafat for a battle.

II Chronicles 20:2 so they came and reported to josafat, saying, " a great multitude comes against you from the other side of the sea, from syria, and they are in haton-tamar ( that is, en-gedi ).

II Chronicles 20:3 so jehoshafat was afraid and gave his face to look for the lord, and he proclaimed a faste in all the people of judah.

II Chronicles 20:4 then the people of judah assembled to ask the lord, and from all the towns of judah they came to look for the lord.

II Chronicles 20:5 so jehossafat stood up in the church of judah and jerusalem in the temple of the lord, before the new courtyard.

II Chronicles 20:6 and said, " lord, god of our ancestors, are you not god in heaven and lord over all the kingdoms of the nations ? in your hand is power and power, and there is no one to resiste you.

II Chronicles 20:7 did you not drive out the inhabitants of this land from the presence of your people israel, and gave it to the descendant of abraham your friend for ever ?

II Chronicles 20:8 they habited in it and built in it a sanctuary for your name, saying :

II Chronicles 20:9 ' if a evil, a seed, death, or famine will come over us, we will stand before this house and before you, because your name is in this house, and we call on you from our benefit, and you will listen and save. '

II Chronicles 20:10 now look, the ammonites, moab, and the mountain of the mountain of seir, through whom you did not give israel to go when they went out of the land of egypt, but they turned away from them and did not destroy them.

II Chronicles 20:11 look, they learn against us, going out to destroy us from our possession that you gave us. "

II Chronicles 20:12 our god, will you not judge them ? for we have no power against this great multitude that comes against us, and we don ' t know what we should do, but our eyes are at you. "

II Chronicles 20:13 so all the people of judah stood before the lord with their children, their children, and their wives.

II Chronicles 20:14 then the spirit of the lord came among the church to jahaziel, son of zechariah, son of benaia, son of jeiel, son of mattanias, the levit of the descendants of asaf.

II Chronicles 20:15 and he said, " listen, all the people of judah and you who live in jerusalem and you, king jehossafat ! so says to you, ' do not be afraid or be afraid of this great crowd, for the strict is not your, but god.

II Chronicles 20:16 although you will come down against them, look, they will ascend by the way of sis, and you will find them on the ender of the river, to the wilderness of jeriel.

II Chronicles 20:17 " there is not for you to strike about these things ? understand and see the salvation of the lord with you, judah and jerusalem. do not be afraid and not be afraid. come tomorrow against them, and the lord is with you ! "

II Chronicles 20:18 so jehoshafat worked down with his face to the ground, and all the people of judah and the inhabitants of jerusalem fell down before the lord to worship him.

II Chronicles 20:19 so the lévites from the sons of kahath and of the sons of korah stood up to praise the lord the god of israel with a loud voice high.

II Chronicles 20:20 the morning early they got up and went to the wilderness of tekoa. as they went out, josafat stood up and said, " listen to me, judeans and you who live in jerusalem ! believe in the lord your god, and you will be confident. believe his prophets, and you will be good. "

II Chronicles 20:21 and when he planted with the people he starigis musices to celebrate the sanctuary, going out before the lame, and said, " praise the lord, for his mercy is in eternal way ! "

II Chronicles 20:22 and when they began to celebrate and praise, the lord gave out to strike against the people of ammon, moab, and the mountain of seir who went against judah, and they were killed.

II Chronicles 20:23 for the ammonites and moab went against the inhabitants of the mountain of seir to destroy and destroy them. when they had finished the inhabitants of seir, they stood against one another to destroy.

II Chronicles 20:24 when judah came to the guard of the wilderness, they looked and saw the crowd, and look, the dead were falling on the ground, but no one was saved.

II Chronicles 20:25 so jehoshafat and his people came to lead the build of them, and they found many beast of kindings, practice, and sheep. they took the build for three days, because they were many.

II Chronicles 20:26 the fourth day they gathered together into berakaah, for there they blessed the lord. so they called that place the root of beracha, which is to this day.

II Chronicles 20:27 so all the people of judah and jerusalem, and joschafat was their ruler returned with great joy, because the lord had rejoiced them from their enemies.

II Chronicles 20:28 they went to jerusalem with harpes, cithars, and trumpet to jerusalem to the house of the lord.

II Chronicles 20:29 there was a fear of god over all the kingdom of the earth when they heard that the lord had stricted against the enemies of israel.

II Chronicles 20:30 now jehosafats ' s kingdom became peace, and his god gave him rest from all time.

II Chronicles 20:31 so jehoshafat reigned over judah. he was about thirty and five years when he became king, and he reigned twenty-five years in jerusalem. his mother was the name of azuba, daughter of silhi.

II Chronicles 20:32 he went in the way of his father asa, and did not deceive from it, doing what was right in the eyes of the lord.

II Chronicles 20:33 but offeres were not rejected, and the people still did not recognize his heart to the god of their ancestors.

II Chronicles 20:34 what is rest of yehosafath, the first and the last, is written in the scroll of jehu the son of hanani, which is written in the scroll of the kings of israel.

II Chronicles 20:35 after this josafat, the king of judah, completed with ahazih, king of israel, who was ungodly done.

II Chronicles 20:36 he went with him to make boats to go to tarsis. they made the boats in esjon-geber.

II Chronicles 20:37 then eliezer, the son of dodah from maresa, prophecied to josafath, saying, " because you feared against ahazia, the lord has cut down your works. " so the boats were broken and were not able to go to tarsis.

II Chronicles 21:1 so josafat dechil with his ancestors, and he was buried with his ancestors in the city of david. his son joram blev reign in his place.

II Chronicles 21:2 now he had brothers, sons of jehoshafat : azarja, jehiel, zechariah, azarjah, michael, and sefatiah. all these were the sons of josafat, king of judah.

II Chronicles 21:3 their father gave them many gifts of silver, gold, and objects, with fortificated towns in judah. but the kingdom he gave to joram because he was the firstborn.

II Chronicles 21:4 when joram refused up in his kingdom of his kingdom and became strengthened, he died all his brothers and some of the rulers of israel.

II Chronicles 21:5 joram was about thirty and two years when he became king, and he reigned for eight years in jerusalem.

II Chronicles 21:6 he went in the way of the kings of israel, just as the house of achab had done, because a daughter of achab was his wife. so he did what was evil in the eyes of the lord.

II Chronicles 21:7 but the lord would not want to destroy the house of david because he had concerned with david, and because he had promised to give him a lamp for all his days.

II Chronicles 21:8 in those days edom destroyed from the kingdom of judah and made a king over them.

II Chronicles 21:9 so joram went with his rulers, with all his ways, and he got up in the night and sconght the edomites who had assembled him, and the commanding officers.

II Chronicles 21:10 so edom rebelled from judah to this day. in that time libna stood away from his hand, because he had forgiven the lord, the god of his ancestors.

II Chronicles 21:11 he also made offerings in the towns of judah and made the people of jerusalem to sexual immorality, and deceived judah.

II Chronicles 21:12 then a scripture came to him from elijah the prophet, saying, " so says the lord, the god of your father david, ' because you did not live in the way of your father yosafat, and in the way of asa, king of judah,

II Chronicles 21:13 but you went on the way of the kings of israel and made the people of judah and the inhabitants of jerusalem just as the house of ahab committed sexual immorality. you have killed your brothers the family of your father, who were better than you.

II Chronicles 21:14 " look, the lord will put a great plage on your people, your sons, your women, and all your children.

II Chronicles 21:15 and you will be in a evil sickness, in the sick of your mind, until your intestings will come out of sick from day for day. "

II Chronicles 21:16 so the lord raised against joram the philisters and the arabites who were among the etiopians,

II Chronicles 21:17 they went up against judah and undertrymed them. they returned all the divisions that found in the palace of the king, along with his sons and daughters, and he did no son for him except joahaz, the little of his sons.

II Chronicles 21:18 after all these things, the lord struck him in his womb with a sickle without healing.

II Chronicles 21:19 after each year, after a time of two days, his women went out with his sickness, and he died with a evil sickness. his people did not offer a offering for him just as they had offered for his ancestors.

II Chronicles 21:20 he was about thirty-two years when he became king, and he reigned eight years in jerusalem. he went and did not praise. he buried him in the city of david, but not in the tombs of the kings.

II Chronicles 22:1 the people of jerusalem reigned his little son ahazia to king in his place, because all the leaders who had come with the arabites came to them. so ahazia, the son of joram, king of judah, reigned.

II Chronicles 22:2 ahazia was eventy years when he began to reign, and he reigned a year in jerusalem. his mother was atalja, a daughter of omri.

II Chronicles 22:3 he also wanted in the way of ahab ' s house, because his mother was his council to sin.

II Chronicles 22:4 he did what was evil in the eyes of the lord like the house of ahab, for after his father he died, they were his council to destroy him.

II Chronicles 22:5 now in their conseech he went and went with joram, the son of ahab, the king of ahab, to combation against hazael, king of syria, to ramoth in gilead. but the syrians slow joram.

II Chronicles 22:6 he returned to jizreel to be healed in jizreel from the plagues he had placed him in rama when he streated against hazael king of aram. now ahazia, the son of joram, the king of judah, went down to see joram the son of achab in jizreel because he was sick.

II Chronicles 22:7 now the destruction of ahazia came from god to come to joram. as he came, he went out with joram to jehu, the son of nimsi, who had been sealed to the lord to destroy the house of achab.

II Chronicles 22:8 when jehu had encouraged the house of ahab, he found the rulers of judah and the brothers of ahazia who were servants to ahazia, and killed them.

II Chronicles 22:9 then herod asked ahazja, and they greated him while he was leading in samaria. they brought him to jehu and killed him. then they buried him, because they said, " he is a son of jehoshafat, who asked the lord with all his heart. " so in the house of ahazja was no one who could help the kingdom.

II Chronicles 22:10 when atalja, the mother of ahazija, saw her son has been dead, she got up and destroyed the whole descendant of the kingdom of judah.

II Chronicles 22:11 but yosabat, the daughter of the king, took the man joash the son of ahazja and seized him from among the men of the king who were taken to be killed. so josabeth, daughter of the king joram, her wife of the priest joiada, and she was a sister of ahazia, so that she could not kill him.

II Chronicles 22:12 so she was seated with them in the house of god for sex years, while athalia reigned on the earth.

II Chronicles 23:1 now in the seventh year joiada became strengthened. he took the officers of hundreders, azarja the son of joram, ismael the son of johanan, azarja the son of obed, maaseja the son of adaja, and elistsafan, the son of zechariah.

II Chronicles 23:2 they went around on judah and gathered the lévites from all the towns of judah and the families of the familes of israel, and they came to jerusalem.

II Chronicles 23:3 then the whole group made a covenant with the king in the house of god. joiada said to them, " look, the son of the king will be king, just as the lord has spoken about the sons of david.

II Chronicles 23:4 now you should do this : a third of you, the priests and the lévites, who enter on the sabbath, will be the powers of the door,

II Chronicles 23:5 a third of them must be in the palace of the king, and a third in the city ' s city, and all the people will be in the courts of the house of the lord.

II Chronicles 23:6 except the priests and the ministers of the levies must not enter the house of the lord. they must enter, because they are holy, but all the people must obey the law of the lord.

II Chronicles 23:7 the levits will around the king around, each one in his hand, and each one who comes into the house will be put to death. you must be with the king when he comes and comes out. "

II Chronicles 23:8 the lévites and all the people did just as the priest joiada had commanded. each one took his men, those who went out on the sabbath, and those who went out on the sabbath, for yehoiada, the priest, did not reject the officers.

II Chronicles 23:9 then jehojada gave the officers the roubles, the roubles, and the instruments that had given to king david and who were in the house of god.

II Chronicles 23:10 then he seized all the people, each one with his arms, from the right hand to the left of the temple to the left of the temple and the temple.

II Chronicles 23:11 then they brought the son of the king, gave him the scroll and the testimony, and they anointed him to king. joiada and his sons anointed him and shouted, " let the king live ! "

II Chronicles 23:12 when athalia heard the voice of the people who courted and praised the king, she went to the people in the temple of the lord.

II Chronicles 23:13 she looked, and look, the king stood at his place at the passion, and the rulers and the trumpet stood around the king. the whole crowd of the people was glad, and they trumpet on the trumpet, and the canderers with instruments of instruments and praising the praise. then athalia tore her clothes and cried out, " confliction ! constance ! "

II Chronicles 23:14 but the priest joiada gave out the centurions, the officers of the power, and said to them, " take her out out of the house, and whoever follows her must be killed by the sword. " for the priest had said, " let her not be killed in the temple of the lord.

II Chronicles 23:15 so they gave her devotion, and when she went through the roon of the rusts in the palace of the king, and they killed her there.

II Chronicles 23:16 so jehojada made a covenant among him, all the people, and the king to be the people of the lord.

II Chronicles 23:17 then all the people went into the temple of baal and destroyed it. they murged his altars and his idols, and died matthan, the priest of baal, before his altars.

II Chronicles 23:18 so jojada constitued the works of the temple of the lord in the hand of the priests and levits, which david had distributed on the temple of the lord to offer the branques to the lord, just as it was written in the law of moses, with joy and hymns according to the order of david.

II Chronicles 23:19 so he stood the poortiers by the gates of the house of the lord, so that no one was coming into anything unclean.

II Chronicles 23:20 then he took the officers of the officers, the officers, the rulers of the people, and all the people of the earth, and brought the king up from the temple of the lord, and brought the king on the throne of the kingdom.

II Chronicles 23:21 then all the people of the earth were glad, and the city was required, but athalia they had killed by the sword.

II Chronicles 24:1 joas was seven years when he became king, and he reigned firty years in jerusalem. his mother was sibja, from beerseba.

II Chronicles 24:2 joas was what was right in the eyes of the lord in all the days of the priest joiada.

II Chronicles 24:3 now joiada took for him two wives, and he became sons and daughters.

II Chronicles 24:4 after these things, joash intended to repare the temple of the lord.

II Chronicles 24:5 then he gathered the priests and the lévites and said to them, " go into the towns of judah, gather from all israel silver to help the temple of your your god for each year, and pospess to speak. " but the lévites did not rapid.

II Chronicles 24:6 then the king called the officer jehojada and said to him, " why did you not repay the lévites to bring from judah and jerusalem what moses, the servant of the lord, and the church of israel, to the tent of testimony ? "

II Chronicles 24:7 for the ungodly atalja and her sons have destroyed the house of god, and all the things holy things in the temple of the lord did to the baals. "

II Chronicles 24:8 then the king made a scroll and placed it outside by the door of the house of the lord.

II Chronicles 24:9 so they began to proclaim in judah and jerusalem to bring to the lord what moses, the servant of god, had commanded israel in the wilderness.

II Chronicles 24:10 then all the rulers and all the people gave this, and they brought it into the bocks until it was filled.

II Chronicles 24:11 now when they brought the bocks to the experts of the king through the leviatians, and when they saw that the money money was, the expert in the king and the officer of the high priest came and turned the bocks and brought it back to his place. so they were doing day for day and gathered many money.

II Chronicles 24:12 then the king and joiada gave it to those who were practicing the work on the temple of the lord, and they stoned toward the temple of the lord, with iron and bronze to repare the temple of the lord.

II Chronicles 24:13 those who were practicing the works began to punish the work in their hands. so they revealed the house of god in their place and strengthened it.

II Chronicles 24:14 when they had finished, they brought the rest of the silver things to the king and jojada, and they made gifts for the temple of the lord, gifts of ministry, sacrifices, and cloaks of gold and silver. they were continually offering brannouns in the house of the lord always, as long as joiada levede.

II Chronicles 24:15 so joiada got up and was full of days, and he died. he was about 130 years when he was dead.

II Chronicles 24:16 they buried him in the city of david with the kings because he had done what was good to israel and to god and his house.

II Chronicles 24:17 after jojada had been dead, the rulers of judah went and worshiped the king. then the king heard them.

II Chronicles 24:18 so they forgave the lord, the god of their ancestors, and served the astarte and idols. so anger came over judah and jerusalem because of this reason.

II Chronicles 24:19 he sent prophets to them to turn back to the lord, but they were testifying against them but did not listen.

II Chronicles 24:20 then the spirit of god appeared to azariah the son of the priest joiada, who stood before the people and said to them, " so says the lord, ' why are you passing the commandments of the lord ? you will not provide it, because you have forgiven the lord and he has forgiven you. "

II Chronicles 24:21 so they rebelled against him and stoned him to stone according to the commandment of the king in the courtyard of the house of the lord.

II Chronicles 24:22 so joash remembered the mercy that his father joiada had done to him, but died his son. when he was died, he said, " may the lord see and judge ! "

II Chronicles 24:23 after the year had completed, the lame of syria went up against him. they came to judah and jerusalem and destroyed among the people all the rulers of the people, and sent all their builds to the king of damask.

II Chronicles 24:24 for if the lame of syria came with a few man, but the lord gave a great power in their hand, because they had forgiven the lord, the god of their ancestors. so they explained judgment against joas.

II Chronicles 24:25 when they went away from him, because they left him with great sick, his servants rebelled against him for the blood of the sons of joiada the priest, and they killed him on his bed, and he died. they buried him in the city of david but did not have him buried in the tombs of the kings.

II Chronicles 24:26 those who accompanied him were zabbad, the son of the ammonita simeath, and jozabad, the son of the moabita simrith.

II Chronicles 24:27 was it written in the scroll of the kings of his sons, and what was happened at him, look, there is written in the scroll of the kings of the kings of the kings of the kings. his son amasija blev reigned in his place.

II Chronicles 25:1 amazja was eventy years old when he began to remain, and he reigned twenty-nine in jerusalem. his mother was joaddan, from jerusalem.

II Chronicles 25:2 he was doing what was right in the eyes of the lord, not with full heart.

II Chronicles 25:3 when his kingdom was confirmed in his hand, he died his servants who had killed his father king.

II Chronicles 25:4 but their sons he did not kill, but was just as it is written in the law of the law, in which the lord commanded : " the ancestors must not live for children and children do not be died for their ancestors, but each will live for his own sin. "

II Chronicles 25:5 then amasja gathered judah and revealed them according to their familles, the commanding officers, and hundreders, in the entire council of judah and benjamin. he numpped them from thirty years and outside, and found them for three hundred thousand who were belonging to a battle, speaking spies and roubles.

II Chronicles 25:6 he leaded from israel hunty thousand stricts of power for a hundred talents silver.

II Chronicles 25:7 but an man of god came to him and said, " o king, let the power of israel not go with you, because the lord is not with israel, with all the people of ephraim.

II Chronicles 25:8 but if you learn to make strength with these things, god will put you down to the presence of your enemies, because god has a power to help and to keep. "

II Chronicles 25:9 amazja asked the man of god, " what then will i do with the hundred talents that i have given to the power of israel ? " the man of god replied, " the lord will give you more than these. "

II Chronicles 25:10 then amasja divided the lame who had come to him from ephraim to go to their place. so they became enraged at judah, and they returned to their home with wrath.

II Chronicles 25:11 amazja became strengthened, and he took his people and went to the sound of salt and struck on seirs thousand thousand people of seir.

II Chronicles 25:12 and thousand thousand were leaving the people of judah and brought them on the top of the steep slope and throwed them down from the break of the steep slope, so that they were all destroyed.

II Chronicles 25:13 but the people of the lame that amasja had rejected to go with him to a battle, turned on the towns of judah from samaria to bethoron, and they killed three thousand of them and took great builde.

II Chronicles 25:14 when amazja came returning the edomites, he brought the gods of the sons of seir and starigis them to himself as his gods, and worshiped before them and offered them.

II Chronicles 25:15 then the anger of the lord came against amasijah, and he sent a prophet to him, who said to him, " why did you look for the gods of the people who have not refried their people from your hand ? "

II Chronicles 25:16 when he spoke to him, king said to him, " have i put you to be a council of the king ? get attention for what you will be killed ? " the prophet destined and said, " i know that god has intended to destroy you, because you have done this and did not listen to my council. "

II Chronicles 25:17 then amazja consulted and sent this message to joash, son of joahaz, son of jehu, the king of israel, saying, " come, let us appear. "

II Chronicles 25:18 but joash the king of israel sent to amazja the king of judah to say, " the cedru on the libano sent a message to the cedron in the liban, saying, ' give your daughter to my son as a wife, but the wild wild animals in the liban came and suffered the seed.

II Chronicles 25:19 you have said, ' look ! i have slaughted edom, and you have completed your heart. remain in your house ! why are you thrown in evil, so that you may fall down, you and judah with you ? "

II Chronicles 25:20 but amazja did not listen, for this was from god, so that god would give them into the hand, because they were looking for the gods of edom.

II Chronicles 25:21 so joas, the king of israel, went up and appeared to one another, he and amazja, king of judah, in bethsemes, which is in judah.

II Chronicles 25:22 now judah was killed before israel, and each of them went to his home.

II Chronicles 25:23 then joash, king of israel, took up amazja the king of judah, the son of joash ' s son, in bethsemes, and brought him to jerusalem. he destroyed the city of jerusalem from the ephraima city until the parents of the parents, four hundred years.

II Chronicles 25:24 he revealed all the gold and silver, and all the utenwers found in the house of god by obed-edom, and the treasurs of the palast ' s palace. so he returned to samaria.

II Chronicles 25:25 amazja, the son of joash, king of juda, vive fifteen years, the son of joahaz, king of israel, was five years.

II Chronicles 25:26 what is rest of amazja, the first and the last, is opteed in the letter of the kings of judah and israel ?

II Chronicles 25:27 now when amazja stood away from the lord, a companion against him against jerusalem, and he flow to lachis. but they sent a follow of him to lakis and killed him there.

II Chronicles 25:28 then they took him on hors and buried him with his ancestors in the city of david.

II Chronicles 26:1 then the whole people of judah took his son uzzia, who was for seventh years, and made him king in the place of his father amazja.

II Chronicles 26:2 he bought elath and turned it back to judah after the king had died to himself to his ancestors.

II Chronicles 26:3 ussias was seizth years when he began to remain, and he reigned fifty and two years in jerusalem. his mother was jekolia, from jerusalem.

II Chronicles 26:4 he was what was right in the eyes of the lord, just as his father amazja had done.

II Chronicles 26:5 and he was seeking god in the days of zechariah who knew in the fear of god. and in the time he asked god, god helped him.

II Chronicles 26:6 he went out and streyed against the philistins and destroyed the muur of gath, jabne, and asdod. he built towns in asdod and among the philistins.

II Chronicles 26:7 god strengthened him against the philistins and against the arabs who lived in gur-baal, and against the ammonites.

II Chronicles 26:8 so the ammonites gave gifts to uzazia, and his name came to the coming of egypt, because he was stang-powerful.

II Chronicles 26:9 ussias built torns in jerusalem, on the parent of parents, on the bear of the dal, and on the parents, and strengthened them.

II Chronicles 26:10 he built torns in the wilderness and cut many cisters, because he had many businds in the laefe and in the laevand, and the vineyards of vineyards in the mountain and in the carmel, because he was loved of tenants.

II Chronicles 26:11 uzzia had a powerful lame who went out to battle, in number of the number of jeiel the expert in the law, and maasejah, the stater, through hanania, one of the rulers of the king.

II Chronicles 26:12 the number of the families of the rulers of the held of held were two thousand and seventy.

II Chronicles 26:13 among them were a exerction of two hundred seven thousand and fifty ( there were the people who make battle with power to help the king against his enemies.

II Chronicles 26:14 ussias prepared to the whole crowd shilden, spies, helm, pands, bound, bound, and clothing.

II Chronicles 26:15 he made in jerusalem foundation wrapbers to be on the torns and on the kings to throw pickles and great stones. his name was toward far, because he was greatly astounded to help him until he was strengthened.

II Chronicles 26:16 but when he was strengthened, his heart was exalted to destroy, but he rebelled against the lord his god and went into the temple of the lord to incense on the incense of incense.

II Chronicles 26:17 so the priest azariah went in a follower of him, and with him foventy-four priests of the lord, powerful people.

II Chronicles 26:18 they stood on the king uzsias and said to him, " not you, uzzia, to incense to the lord, but only for the priests the sons of aaron who were sanctified to incender. come out of the sanctuary, because you have rebelled against the lord, and this is no glory for you from the lord god. "

II Chronicles 26:19 then ussias became anger, and he had a incense in his hand to incense. when he was indignant against the priests, the lepra came up on his forehead, in the presence of the priests in the temple of the lord, by the altar of incense.

II Chronicles 26:20 when the high priest joiaiah and all the priests returned to him, and look, he was a leprosy on his forehead. so they threw him away from there, but even he was going to go, because the lord had revealed him.

II Chronicles 26:21 so the king uzsias was leprosy until his death, and he was sitting in a destroyed house, because he was taken away from the house of the lord. his son jotham was governor of the kingdom of the kingdom and judged the people of the earth.

II Chronicles 26:22 what rest of ussiah, the first and the last, is written of the prophet isaiah the prophet.

II Chronicles 26:23 so uzsias dhintay with his ancestors, and they buried him with his ancestors on the ground of the tombs of the kings of the kings. for they said, " he is a leprosy ! " and his son jotham blev reign in his place.

II Chronicles 27:1 jotham was twenty-five years when he became king, and he reigned seize years in jerusalem. his mother was jerusa, daughter of zadok.

II Chronicles 27:2 he was doing what was right in the eyes of the lord, just as his father uzsias had done, but did not enter the temple of the lord. but the people were still destroyed.

II Chronicles 27:3 he builted the high city of the temple of the lord and rebuked many things on the muur of ofel.

II Chronicles 27:4 he bought other towns in the mountain of judah, and in the women he bought a towns and torns.

II Chronicles 27:5 he refused against the king of the ammonites and strengthened them. in that year the ammonites gave him hundred talents silver, thousand thousand kor of fire and thousand cors of gerse. these things the king of ammon brought to him in the first and third year.

II Chronicles 27:6 so jotham became strengthened because he had prepared his way before the lord his god.

II Chronicles 27:7 what of rest is reprayed in the letter of the rulers of judah and israel.

II Chronicles 27:9 so jotham fled to his ancestors, and he buried him in the city of david. his son ahaz blev reign in his place.

II Chronicles 28:1 ahaz was eventy-years when he became king, and he reigned seize years in jerusalem. he did not do what was right before the lord, as his father david,

II Chronicles 28:2 but he wanted in the way of the kings of israel and made idols for their idols.

II Chronicles 28:3 he offered offering offering in the sound of hinnom and went through fire his children, according to the abominations of the nations that the lord had driven out before the enfants of israel.

II Chronicles 28:4 he offered and offered incense on high, on the household, and under every ground tree.

II Chronicles 28:5 so the lord his god gave him in the hand of the king of syria, who struck him and gathered a great prisoner from them and brought him to damascus. he also was entregted in the hand of the king of israel, who placed great plage against him.

II Chronicles 28:6 for pekah, the son of remalia, died to judah a single day, a single day, for they had left the lord the god of their ancestors.

II Chronicles 28:7 sichri, a held of ephraim, died maaseja the son of the king, azrikam the palace of the palace, and elkana, the one who followed the king.

II Chronicles 28:8 so the people of israel took captive from their brothers, four hundred ( 300.000 ) women, sons and daughters. they took great build from them and brought the build to samaria.

II Chronicles 28:9 now there was a prophet of the lord named oded. he went out to meet the lame coming to samaria and said to them, " look, the lord god of your ancestors has been wrath against judah, and he gave them in your hand, but you have killed them with a wrath to heaven.

II Chronicles 28:10 and now you say the people of judah and jerusalem to be slaves and slaves. is i not with you to testify against the lord your god ?

II Chronicles 28:11 now listen to me and remove the captives that you have captived from your brothers, because the wrath of the wrath of the lord is against you. "

II Chronicles 28:12 then some of the rulers of the descendants of ephraim stood up : asarja, the son of john, berekja the son of mesallemoth, hezekiah the son of sallum, and amasa the son of hadlai stood against those who came from the battle.

II Chronicles 28:13 and said to them, " you will not bring the captive here here, because you think to increase our sins and sins because our sin is great, and the wrath of the spirit of the lord is great. "

II Chronicles 28:14 so the soldiers left the captive and the build before the rulers and the whole church.

II Chronicles 28:15 then the men called by the name stood and addressed those who were captived, and walked around from the build all those who were naked. they put them on the clothes and gave them to eat and drink. then they put all the weak on the esels and brought them to jericho, the city of palmas, to their brothers. then they returned to samaria.

II Chronicles 28:16 in that time the king ahaz sent out to the king of assyrien to help him.

II Chronicles 28:17 because the edomitians had come and struck judah and captived captives.

II Chronicles 28:18 and the philistians spoke to the towns of the laevand and the wall of judah, and they received bethsemes, ajalon, gederoth, socho with its villages, timna with its villages, timna with its villages, thimzo with its villages, and gimzo with its villages, and they bound there.

II Chronicles 28:19 for the lord humbled judah because of ahaz, king of judah, because he rejected his rebellion against the lord.

II Chronicles 28:20 then the king of assyrien came to him and struck him.

II Chronicles 28:21 for ahaz took the temple of the lord and the palace of the king and of the rulers and gave it to the king of assyrien, but he did not help it.

II Chronicles 28:22 but in his affliction the king ahaz continued to rebelle against the lord.

II Chronicles 28:23 he asked the guests of damascus who had killed me, and said, " because the guelds of the king of syria committed them, i will offer them and sacrifice to me. " but they became a lamp for him and all the people of israel.

II Chronicles 28:24 achaz rejected the powers of the house of god and stapped the powers of the house of god. he chosen the door of the house of god and made altars on every eck in jerusalem.

II Chronicles 28:25 in every city of judah he made offerings to incense to others, and provoked the lord god of their ancestors.

II Chronicles 28:26 what is remains of him and all his deeds, both the first and the last, is opteed in the letter of the kings of judah and israel.

II Chronicles 28:27 now achaz dormed to himself to his ancestors, and were buried in the city of jerusalem, but they did not bring him into the tombs of the kings of israel. and his son hezekiah blev reign in his place.

II Chronicles 29:1 hezekija, about twenty-five years, he became king, and he reigned twenty-nine in jerusalem. his mother was abiba, a daughter of zechariah.

II Chronicles 29:2 he was doing what was right in the eyes of the lord, just as his father david had done.

II Chronicles 29:3 in the first month of his kingdom, in the first month of the first month, he opened the door of the house of the lord and prepared them.

II Chronicles 29:4 then he brought the priests and the lévites and put them in the west side.

II Chronicles 29:5 and said to them, " listen to them, you levits ! sanctified yourselves and purify the house of the lord god of your ancestors, and throw out the unclean things from the sanctuary.

II Chronicles 29:6 for our ancestors have rebelled him, and they did what is evil in the eyes of the lord our god, and they have forgiven him and turned his face from the tabernacle of the lord.

II Chronicles 29:7 they threw the door of the temple courts, seized the lampen, did not incense incense, and did not offer offerings in the sanctuary to the god of israel.

II Chronicles 29:8 so the anger of the lord was enflamed against judah and jerusalem, and he has given them a confusion, a desolation, a spoke, as you see with your eyes.

II Chronicles 29:9 now look, our ancestors have fallen for the sword, and our sons and daughters and women have been in captivity.

II Chronicles 29:10 now i have in heart to make a covenant with the lord the god of israel, so that his wrath of wrath will turn away from us.

II Chronicles 29:11 and now do not destroy, because the lord has choose you to stand before him to serve and to be his servant and incensing. "

II Chronicles 29:12 then the leviatians stood up : mahat the son of amasai, joel, the son of azarja, of the sons of kahatath, and from the sons of merari, kis the son of abdi, and azarja the son of jealelel. from the gersonites : joah the son of zimma, and eden the son of joah.

II Chronicles 29:13 from the sons of elizafan, simri and jehiel ; from the sons of asaf, zechariah and mattanias,

II Chronicles 29:14 from the sons of heman, jehiel and shimei ; from the sons of jeduthun, semaja and uzziel.

II Chronicles 29:15 they gathered their brothers and purified them, as the king had commanded according to the commandment of the lord to cleanse the temple of the lord.

II Chronicles 29:16 so the priests went into the inside of the temple of the lord to purifike, and threw out all the unclean things they had found in the temple courts of the temple of the lord. then the levians welcomed it and brought them into the kidron rivier outside.

II Chronicles 29:17 they began to purifify the purification on the first day of the first month, and on the eighth day of the month they went into the temple of the lord. they purified the temple of the lord for eight days, and on the seventh day of the first month were finished.

II Chronicles 29:18 then they went back to the king hezekiah and said, " we have purified the whole temple of the lord, the altar of the branquent with all his uteneds, the table of the sacred and all its uteneds.

II Chronicles 29:19 and we have prepared and sanctified all the utenwers that king ahaz was rejected in his kingdom, we have prepared and sanctified. look, they are before the altar of the lord. "

II Chronicles 29:20 then the king hezechias stood early in the morning, gathered the rulers of the city and went up to the house of the lord.

II Chronicles 29:21 they brought seven hors, seven rams, seven lammers, and seven bokken as sin for the kingdom of the kingdom, for the sanctuary, and for jerusalem. so he told the priest, the sons of aaron, to offer them on the altar of the lord.

II Chronicles 29:22 then they killed the bears, and the priests took the blood and sprenged it on the altar. then they killed the boats and sprenged the blood on the altar. so they killed the lammeren and sprenged the blood on the altar.

II Chronicles 29:23 then they brought the bokken as syndoffer before the king and the church, and they placed their hands on them.

II Chronicles 29:24 so the priests sacrificed them and offered their blood to the altar, to reconciliation for all the people of israel, because the king had commanded the holocaust and the sacrifice for sin for all the people of israel.

II Chronicles 29:25 he revealed the lévites in the temple of the lord with cymbalos, harpas, and cithers according to the law of david, gad, the seer of the king, and nathan the prophet. for this is according to the commandment of the lord through his prophets.

II Chronicles 29:26 so the people stood up with the instruments of david and the priests with the trumpet.

II Chronicles 29:27 then hezeciah said to offer the offering offering on the altar. when the offering offering was beginning, the instrument of the instrument of david the king of israel.

II Chronicles 29:28 the whole church worshiped, and the spiers were loing, and the trumpet blåded, until the offering offering was fined.

II Chronicles 29:29 when they had finished the offering offering, the king and all those who were there worshiped and worshiped.

II Chronicles 29:30 then the king hezekias and the rulers said to the lévites to praise the lord with the words of david and of the prophet asaf. they praised their praise with joy, and they worshiped and worshiped.

II Chronicles 29:31 then hezecah said, " now you have fulfilled your hands to the lord. approach and bring sacrifices and practices offerings to the temple of the lord. " then the church brought sacrifices and praise and offered offerings to the temple of the lord.

II Chronicles 29:32 the number of the holocausts that the church offered was : seventy-two bees, one ramb, two hundred lammers, all these offerings for the lord.

II Chronicles 29:33 the saints were seven hundred hors and two thousand sheep.

II Chronicles 29:34 but the priests were few, and they were not able to call the sacrifice of the offering offering. so their brothers the lévites addressed them until the work was completed and until the priests were purified. for the lévites were more clearly purified than the priests.

II Chronicles 29:35 and there were many sacrifices of holocausts with the flesh of sacrifice of thanks and with the drathes of the brance to the brance. so the work in the temple of the lord was revealed.

II Chronicles 29:36 then hezecah and all the people rejoiced because god had prepared the people, because this reason had happened immediately.

II Chronicles 30:1 then hezekias sent a letter to all israel and judah and wrote letters to ephraim and manasseh to come to the house of the lord to jerusalem to celebrate the passover to the lord, god of israel.

II Chronicles 30:2 so the king, his rulers, and the whole church in jerusalem considered to celebrate the passover on the second month.

II Chronicles 30:3 for they could not do it at that time because many priests did not be sanctified, and the people had not assembled in jerusalem.

II Chronicles 30:4 the message pleased the king and the whole church.

II Chronicles 30:5 so they proclaimed to proclaim in all israel from beerseba until dan, to come to celebrate the passover to the lord, the god of israel, in jerusalem, because they had no number made like the scripture.

II Chronicles 30:6 so the solders went with the letters from the king and of his rulers in all israel and juda according to the order of the king, saying, " you people of israel, return to the lord, god of abraham, isaac, and israel, so he will return for those who have escaped the rest of the king of assyrien.

II Chronicles 30:7 do not be like your ancestors and your brothers, who rebelled against the lord god of their ancestors, and he gave them to be deserted, just as you see.

II Chronicles 30:8 and now do not be hard with your hearts, but give the glory of the lord and enter into his sanctuary that he has sanctified for ever, and serve the lord your god, so that the wrath of your wrath will turn away from you.

II Chronicles 30:9 for if you turn to the lord, your brothers and your children will have mercy on the presence of those who caused them captive and return to this land. for the lord your god is merciful and mercy and does not reject his face for us if you turn to him. "

II Chronicles 30:10 the officers went through stad to town in the region of ephraim and manasseh until zebulon. but they began to insult them and insulted them.

II Chronicles 30:11 but some people of aser, manasseh, and zebulon became contempt and came to jerusalem.

II Chronicles 30:12 now in judah the hand of god began to give them one mind to do according to the law of the king and of the rulers according to the word of the lord.

II Chronicles 30:13 many people gathered together in jerusalem to celebrate the feast of unleavened bread in the second month. there was a great church.

II Chronicles 30:14 so they stood up and destroyed the altars that were in jerusalem, and they destroyed all the altars to the false people and throwed them into the torrent of cedron.

II Chronicles 30:15 then they slacted the passover on the four fourth day of the second month. the priests and the lévites became contempt, sanctified themselves, and brought holocauws into the house of the lord.

II Chronicles 30:16 they stood on their place, according to their condemnation according to the law of moses the man of god. the priests gathered the blood that they were taken from the hands of the lévites.

II Chronicles 30:17 for many were in the church who were not sanctified, so the people were going to sacrifice the passover for all who were not able to purify the lord.

II Chronicles 30:18 for the large of the people, many of ephraim and manasseh, issachar, and zebulon, did not sanctified them, but ate the passover according to the scripture. but hezeciah prayed for them, saying, " the good lord may be reconcilied for them.

II Chronicles 30:19 every person who is confident to certain the lord god of their ancestors, but is not according to the purity of the sanctuary. "

II Chronicles 30:20 and the lord heard hezekias and healed the people.

II Chronicles 30:21 so the people of israel who were found in jerusalem celebred the feast of unleavened bread for seven days with great joy, and the priests and the priests loved the lord day after day with instruments of instruments to the lord.

II Chronicles 30:22 hezekias spoke to all the people of the levies who were knowledge with good knowledge to the lord. so they fined the feast of the unleavened bread, sacrificed pacifies and confess the lord god of their ancestors.

II Chronicles 30:23 then the whole group considered to celebrate other days for other days, and they continued to celebrate seven days with joy.

II Chronicles 30:24 for hezechias, the people of judah, gave the congregation 1000 bees and seven thousand sheep, and the rulers gave the people mille hors and ten thousand sheep. so many priests were holy.

II Chronicles 30:25 then the whole people of judah, the priests, the lévites, and all the people who had been found from israel, and the extrancy who came from the land of israel and who live in judah.

II Chronicles 30:26 there was great joy in jerusalem, because from the days of solomon, the son of david, king of israel, there was no feast such in jerusalem.

II Chronicles 30:27 then the priests and the levites stood up and blessed the people, and their voice was heard, and their prayer came to his holy place in heaven.

II Chronicles 31:1 when all these things had completed, all of the people of israel who were there went out to the towns of judah and threw the stones and cut the ashers and destroyed the offerings and altars from all judea, benjamin, ephraim, and manasseh. then all the israelites returned to their towns into their towns.

II Chronicles 31:2 hezekias made the afdelations of the priests and the lévites according to their divisions, each according to his service, the priests and the lévites, to the holocausts, the dants of dants, to praise, to praise, to praise and to praise in the ports of the temple of the lord.

II Chronicles 31:3 the king had a part of his possessions to the holocausts of morning and on the next day, and for the holocausts on the sabbath, on the new days, and for the feast, just as it is written in the law of the lord.

II Chronicles 31:4 then he told the people who live in jerusalem to give the part of the priests and the lévites to help in the law of the lord.

II Chronicles 31:5 now when the message was commanded, the israelites revealed the firstfruits of wheat, most, olive, honor, and every produce of the field, and they brought many times of everything.

II Chronicles 31:6 the people of israel and judah who bound in the towns of judah brought a tieft of bears and sheep, and the tighty of the saints offering for the lord their god, and placed hope to them.

II Chronicles 31:7 in the third month they began to themselves themselves, and in the seventh month they were finished.

II Chronicles 31:8 when hezekias and the rulers came and saw the hope, they blessed the lord and his people israel.

II Chronicles 31:9 then hezecus asked the priests and the lévites about the hope.

II Chronicles 31:10 then the high priest azarjah, of the house of zadok, said to him, " from the time they have fined to bring the offering offering to the house of the lord, we have eaten and drinking, and we have left rest. for the lord has blessed his people, and this great multitude is left. "

II Chronicles 31:11 then hezekias told the portices to the temple of the lord, and they prepared it.

II Chronicles 31:12 then they brought the offering offering, the tighty and the offering offerings in faith. the experts over them was konanja the leviet, and his brother shimei was directed over them.

II Chronicles 31:13 jehiel, azazia, nahat, asahel, jerimoth, jozabad, eliel, semachija, mahat, benaias were governor by the order of chonanja and his brother shimei, according to the order of king hezechias and azarja the ruler of the house of god.

II Chronicles 31:14 kore the son of jimna, the leviit, who was the door of the orient side, was on the taks to give the offering offering to god and the höghly things.

II Chronicles 31:15 through their hands were eden, minjamin, jesua, semajah, amarja, and sechanja, in the hands of the priests to give their brothers and sisters according to their afdelations, both great and little,

II Chronicles 31:16 from the number of manners from thirty years and outside, every one who went into the temple of the lord, every day for their ministry, in their genealogs,

II Chronicles 31:17 these were the genealogies of the priests according to the familes of their families, and the levitians from thirty years and opefter, according to their divisions.

II Chronicles 31:18 their women, their sons, their sons, their sons, and their daughters in all the multitude, because they had purified the sanctuary with faith.

II Chronicles 31:19 to the sons of aaron the priesthood, who were in the region of their towns, in every town, people who were nomed in name to give part to every manners among the priests, and to all who were seized among the levits.

II Chronicles 31:20 so hezekija did so in all the people of judah. he did what was right, right, right before the lord his god.

II Chronicles 31:21 in every work he began to work for the works of god ' s house, in the law and the commandments, looking for his god, he made it with all his heart, and was good.

II Chronicles 32:1 after these things and accordance of this truth, sancherib the king of assyrien came and entered judah and assembled the befested towns and intended to arrest them.

II Chronicles 32:2 when hezekias saw that sancherib had come and that his face was coming to combation against jerusalem,

II Chronicles 32:3 he consulted with his elders and his held to deceive the quellen that were outside of the city, and they strengthened him.

II Chronicles 32:4 many people gathered and stopped the quellen and the river that break through the land. they asked, " why then the king of assyrie comes and find great water ? "

II Chronicles 32:5 so hezekiah became strengthened and rebuilt all the destroyed wall and gathered the torns. outside he revealed the district of the city of david and prepared many arms and roubles.

II Chronicles 32:6 he put rulers over the people and gathered together to him on the street of the city of the vald and spoke to them :

II Chronicles 32:7 " be courage and much, and do not be afraid and not be afraid of the king of assyrie or from the whole crowd that is with him, for it is more with us than with him.

II Chronicles 32:8 with him is a flesh of flesh but with us is the lord our god to save and to make our stricts. " so the people seized the words of hezekih, king of judah.

II Chronicles 32:9 after this sanherib, the king of assyrien, who was with his whole crowd, sent his slaves to jerusalem, to hezekiah the king of judah, and to all the people of judah who were in jerusalem, saying,

II Chronicles 32:10 " this is the solemn pronouncement of sanherib, the king of assyrien, ' why are you trying your hope to remain in jerusalem ?

II Chronicles 32:11 hezecus does not destroy you to betray you for hunger and thirst, saying, ' the lord our god will save us from the hand of the king of assyrie ? '

II Chronicles 32:12 is this not this hezecus who has destroyed his offerings and altars and told judah and jerusalem, saying, ' you will worship before one altar and offer incense on it ? '

II Chronicles 32:13 do you not know what i and my ancestors have done with all the peoples of the landers ? have the gods of the nations of the nations of the earth could save their people from my hand ?

II Chronicles 32:14 which of all the dieux of these nations whom my ancestors have distroyed, could save his people from my hand, so that your god can save you from my hand ? '

II Chronicles 32:15 now now, let hezekiah not deceive you and do not confidence you like these things, and do not believe him ! for no god of any nation or kingdom has able to save his people from my hand or from the hand of my ancestors. even your god will not save you from my hand ? '

II Chronicles 32:16 so his servants spoke to the lord god and against his servant hezekia.

II Chronicles 32:17 he wrote a scroll to insult the lord the god of israel and said about him, " just as the gods of the nations of the nations did not save their people from my hand, so the god of hezekih will never remove his people from my hand. "

II Chronicles 32:18 then they shouted with a loud voice in the jew to the people of jerusalem, who was on the city, to fear them and to destroy them, so that they could take the city.

II Chronicles 32:19 they spoke to the god of jerusalem like the sinders of the people of the earth, works of human hands.

II Chronicles 32:20 then the king hezechias and the prophet isajah, the son of amos, prayed and cried out to heaven.

II Chronicles 32:21 then the lord sent a angel who destroyed every help, ruling officer, and rulers in the camp of the king of assyrie. so he returned with confusion to his own land. when he entered his god ' s house, those who had gone out of his body threw him down with the sword.

II Chronicles 32:22 so the lord saved hezecah and the inhabitants of jerusalem from the hand of sanherib, king of assyrien, and from the hand of all the people, and he gave them rest from all time.

II Chronicles 32:23 many brought the offering to the lord in jerusalem and gifts to hezekiah the king of judah, so that after these things he was exalted in the presence of all the nations.

II Chronicles 32:24 in those days hezecah became sick. he prayed to the lord, and he answered him and gave him a sign.

II Chronicles 32:25 but hezekiah did not repay him according to what he had given him, but his heart was exalted. so there came anger over him and over judah and jerusalem.

II Chronicles 32:26 but when hezekiah and the inhabitants of jerusalem humbled from his high household, and the spirit of the lord came not on them in the days of hezekia.

II Chronicles 32:27 hezekiah had great riches and glory greatly great. he made for himself treasures of silver, gold, precious stones, aromatic spices, schilde, and all precious instrument.

II Chronicles 32:28 and grapes for the produce of the wheat, the olive oil, the wheat for every beast of animals and strocks for the sheep.

II Chronicles 32:29 he also built towns for himself, sheep of sheep and hors in abundance, because god gave him a great possession.

II Chronicles 32:30 now he, hezecus, stopped the superight of gihon ' s water superior and put them down near the west of the city of david. so hezekiah became good in all his deeds.

II Chronicles 32:31 now when the rulers of the rulers from babylon sent to him to think the wonders that was happening on the earth, god left him to test him and to know everything that was in his heart.

II Chronicles 32:32 what is remained of hezekiah and his mercy, it is written of the cronice of the prophet isajah, the son of amos, and in the book of the kings of judah and israel.

II Chronicles 32:33 then hezeciah fled to jamp with his ancestors, and he entered the place of the tomb of the sons of david. all the people of judah and the people of jerusalem gave him glory in his death. and his son manasseh reign in his place.

II Chronicles 33:1 manasse was twelve years old when he became king, and he reigned fifty and five years in jerusalem.

II Chronicles 33:2 he was doing what was evil in the eyes of the lord, because of the abominations of the nations that the lord had driven out before the people of israel.

II Chronicles 33:3 he rebuilt up the offerings that his father hezeciah had destroyed, raised offerings for the baals, made ashers, and worshiped the whole heavenly sold and served them.

II Chronicles 33:4 he built altars in the temple of the lord about which the lord had said, " in jerusalem my name will be forever. "

II Chronicles 33:5 he bought alders to the whole strong of heaven in the two forns of the house of the lord.

II Chronicles 33:6 he also divided his sons through fire in the room of hinnom on the room of hinnom. he was permitting adultery, adulterers, and magickers. he continued to do what is evil in the eyes of the lord, to provoke him to anger.

II Chronicles 33:7 he put the image that he had made, in the temple of god about which god had spoken to david and his son solomon : " in this house and in jerusalem i have chosen from all the tribes of israel i will put my name for ever.

II Chronicles 33:8 i will not leave the feet of israel from the land i have given to your ancestors, except to obey all what i have commanded them, according to the whole law, the statuts, and the judgments through moses. "

II Chronicles 33:9 but manasseh deceived judah and the inhabitants of jerusalem to do evil than the nations that the lord had driven out before the people of israel.

II Chronicles 33:10 so the lord said to manasse and his people, but they did not listen to it.

II Chronicles 33:11 so the lord brought the leaders of the kingdom of the king of assyrien against them, and they greated manasseh with bowls, stricted him with chains and brought him to babylon.

II Chronicles 33:12 now when he was suffering, he asked the lord his god, and he was greatly humbled before the god of his ancestors.

II Chronicles 33:13 when he prayed to him, he exauted him and heard his call and turned him back to jerusalem in his kingdom. then manasse realized that the lord was god.

II Chronicles 33:14 after this he explained a wall outside the city of david, on the suuth of gihon, in the beach, and to the way of the towth, and revealed ofel. he made a large officer in all the beautiful towns of judah.

II Chronicles 33:15 so he destroyed the others god and the image from the house of the lord, along with all the altars he had bought on the mountain of the temple of the lord and in jerusalem, and put them out of the city.

II Chronicles 33:16 so he revealed the altar of the lord and offered on it sacrifices and praise. he ordered the people of judah to serve the lord the god of israel.

II Chronicles 33:17 yet the people were still offering on high offerings, but only to the lord their god.

II Chronicles 33:18 now the remains of manasseh, his prayer to his god, and the words of the seers who spoke to him in the name of the lord, the god of israel, it is written of the cronicas of the cronicas of israel.

II Chronicles 33:19 his prayer, and how he heard him, and all his sins and sin, and the looks where he built offerings and dressed ashers and idols before he returned, it is written in the cronicas of the seer.

II Chronicles 33:20 then manasseh died to himself to his ancestors, and he buried him in his house. and his son amon reign in his place.

II Chronicles 33:21 amon was twenty-two years when he became king, and he reigned two years in jerusalem.

II Chronicles 33:22 he was doing what was evil in the eyes of the lord, just as his father manasseh had done. amon offered sacrifice to all the idols that his father manasseh had made.

II Chronicles 33:23 but he was not humblemed before the lord as his father manasseh, but amon increased greater transgressions.

II Chronicles 33:24 so his servants rebelled against him and struck him in his house.

II Chronicles 33:25 but the people of the earth struck all those who had against king amon, and they made his son josia to king in his place.

II Chronicles 34:1 josia was eventy years when he became king, and he reigned treizty-een years in jerusalem.

II Chronicles 34:2 he was doing what was right in the eyes of the lord and wanted in the way of his father david, and did not deceive on the right or on left.

II Chronicles 34:3 in his eighth years while he was still a little child, he began to look for the god of his father david. on the twelve years he began to cleanse judah and jerusalem from the high tocks, the ashers, and the idols of functions.

II Chronicles 34:4 on his presence he destroyed the altars of the baals, and the offering altars that were on them, he threw off the ashera-bilders, the idols of idols and idols that were on them, he broke them and broke them on the tombs of those who were sacrificed to them.

II Chronicles 34:5 and the bears of the priests he quapped on their altars. so he purified judah and jerusalem.

II Chronicles 34:6 and in the towns of ephraim, manasseh, simeon, and neftali, in their regions alreded,

II Chronicles 34:7 he destroyed the ashers and destroyed the ashers and the idols, and cut off all the offerings in the whole israel of israel. then he returned to jerusalem.

II Chronicles 34:8 at the eightenth year of his kingdom, when he purified the earth and the house, he sent chafan, the son of azalías, maasejah, the ruler of the city, and joah the son of joahaz, the kanciller, to reveal the house of the lord his god.

II Chronicles 34:9 they came to the high priest hilcias and gave the money brought into the house of god that the lévites, the guards of the door, had gathered from the hand of manasseh, ephraim, the rulers, and from all the rest of israel, and from all judah and benjamin and the inhabitants of jerusalem.

II Chronicles 34:10 they gave it in the hand of those who were practicing the works of the temple of the lord. they gave it to those who were practicing the works in the temple of the lord,

II Chronicles 34:11 they gave them to the plots and builders to bought quadrured stones and women for builders and to carry the house that the kings of judah had destroyed.

II Chronicles 34:12 the men continued to work in faithfulness. the experts over them were jahath and obadja, the lévites from the sons of merari, and zechariah and mesullam of the descendants of kahath, and all the levites who were knowledge with instruments of instruments of instruments.

II Chronicles 34:13 they were over the takers and over all those who were practicing all works of work. some of the lévites were experts in the law, experts in the law, and portinai.

II Chronicles 34:14 when they had brought the money that was brought into the temple of the lord, the priest hilkija found the scroll of the law of the lord given through moses.

II Chronicles 34:15 then hilcias replied to saphan the expert in the law, " i found the scroll of the law in the house of the lord. " then hilcias gave the letter to shafan.

II Chronicles 34:16 shafan brought the scroll to the king and said, " your servants are fulfilled everything that was given by your servants.

II Chronicles 34:17 they have taken the money found in the temple of the lord and given it in the hand of the officiers and those who practice it. "

II Chronicles 34:18 then saphan the expert in the law told the king, saying, " the priest hilcias gave me a book. " so chafan lead it before the king.

II Chronicles 34:19 when the king heard the words of the law, he tore his clothes.

II Chronicles 34:20 then the king commanded hilkia, ahikam, son of saphan, abdon, the son of michah, shafan the expert in the law, and asaia the servant of the king, saying,

II Chronicles 34:21 " go and look for the lord for me and for the rest of israel and judah, about the words of the book that was found. for the anger of the lord is great, because the lord ' s anger is great, because our ancestors did not obey the word of the lord to do everything written in this book. "

II Chronicles 34:22 then hilkia and those who was instructed the king went to the prophetis-hulda, wife of sallum, the son of tachhath, the guard of the clothing. she lived in jerusalem in the other side, and they spoke to her like this.

II Chronicles 34:23 she said to them, " so says the lord, god of israel, to the man who sent you to me :

II Chronicles 34:24 ' so says the lord, ' look, i will bring evil on this place and on the countryside, all the words that are written in the book that was opported before the king of judah.

II Chronicles 34:25 because they have forgiven me and offered offering to others dieux, provoking me to anger with all the works of their hands. then my anger will flamke up against this place and will never be samled.

II Chronicles 34:26 but to the king of judah who sent you to look for the lord, say to him : ' so says the lord, the god of israel, about the words you heard.

II Chronicles 34:27 because your heart was humbled and you were humbled before god when you heard what he said against this place and against his inhabitants, and you have been humbled before me, threw your clothes and shouted for my presence, i also heard it, says the lord.

II Chronicles 34:28 " look ! i will gather you to your ancestors, and you will be gathered into your tomb in peace, and your eyes will not see all the evil things i will bring over this place and his inhabitants. ' " so they brought the order to the king.

II Chronicles 34:29 then the king sent together and gathered all the elders of judah and jerusalem.

II Chronicles 34:30 then the king went up to the temple of the lord, along with all the people of judah, the inhabitants of jerusalem, the priests, the lévites, and all the people, both great and great. so he leaded all the words of the book of the covenant that was found in the house of the lord.

II Chronicles 34:31 then the king stood on his place and made a covenant before the lord to follow the lord, guarding his commandments, testimony, and commandments with all his heart and all his life to obey the words of the covenant written in this book.

II Chronicles 34:32 he made all who found in jerusalem and benjamin, and the inhabitants of jerusalem accompanied the pacto of the god, the god of their ancestors.

II Chronicles 34:33 yosia divided all the abominations from all the countryside of the people of israel and made all who were found in israel to serve the lord their god. all his days they did not leave the lord god of his ancestors.

II Chronicles 35:1 yosia celebred the passover for the lord in jerusalem. they sacrificed the passover on the four fourth day of the first month.

II Chronicles 35:2 he constited the priests in their guards and strengthened them to the work of the temple of the lord.

II Chronicles 35:3 then he said to the levits who were held in all the people of israel, who were sanctified to the lord, " put the holy ark in the house that solomon, the son of david, the king of israel, has built. you will not take it on your skulders. serve now the lord your god and his people israel.

II Chronicles 35:4 be prepared according to your families, according to your devisions, according to the order of david the king of israel, and according to his son solomon.

II Chronicles 35:5 stand in the temple courts according to the division of the familes of your brothers, the people of the people, and in the division of the family of the levits.

II Chronicles 35:6 sacrifice the passover, holy and make ready for your brothers, to celebrate what the lord has given through moses. "

II Chronicles 35:7 then josia rejected to the people, all for the passover sacrifice for all who were found in number of the passover for all who were found there, in number of thirty times, and three thousand bears. these were the possessions of the king.

II Chronicles 35:8 and his rulers gave free to the people, to the priests, and for the lévites. hilkija, zechariah, and jehiel, rulers of the house of god, gave them to the priests to the passover, two hundred and four hundred hors for the passover.

II Chronicles 35:9 then konanja, semaja, and nethanael his brothers, hasabja, jehiel, and jozabad, the rulers of the lévites, gave five thousand sheep and five hundred hors.

II Chronicles 35:10 so the service was confirmed. so the priests stood in their places, and the lévites in their division, according to the order of the king.

II Chronicles 35:11 then they slacted the passover, and the priests sprenged the blood of them, and the levits stoned the blood.

II Chronicles 35:12 they prepared the offering offering offerings so that they were given to the people according to the divisions of the familes of the people, to bring the offering to the lord, just as it was written in moses ' book. so they did with the boats.

II Chronicles 35:13 they threw the passover to fire according to the prescribment, but the holy offerings they put in pieces, pickles, and roubles. so they courted to all the people.

II Chronicles 35:14 after they prepared for themselves and for the priests, because the priests, the sons of aaron, had offered the sacrifices and the flesh until the night. so the levits prepared for themselves and for the priests, the sons of aaron.

II Chronicles 35:15 the sangers, the sons of asaf, were in their place, according to the commandment of david, asaf, heman, and jeduthun the seer of the king. the portices were on each side of the city. they were not able to depart from their service, because their brothers the lévites prepared for them.

II Chronicles 35:16 so the whole service of the lord was prepared on that day, to celebrate the passover and to bring the brances offered on the altar of the lord, according to the commandment of king josia.

II Chronicles 35:17 so the people of israel who were there celebred the passover at that time, and the feast of unleavened bread, seven days.

II Chronicles 35:18 there was no passover like this in israel from the days of the prophet samuel. neither all the kings of israel made like the passover like yosia, the priests, the lévites, all the people of judah and israel who were there, and the inhabitants of jerusalem.

II Chronicles 35:19 " on the eighth years ' s reigment on the temple of the temple whom the priest josia has found in the temple of the temple of the temple that the priesthood hilcias has found in the temple of the lord, so that he could revead the words of the law written in the book that the priest yosia has found in the temple of the temple.

II Chronicles 35:20 at this reason, pharaoh, the king of egypt, went up against the king of assyrien by the river euphrates. yosia went out against him.

II Chronicles 35:21 he sent messengers to him to say, " what is you with you to do, king of judah ? am i not come to make battle against you today ? but god have told me to destroy me. hold attention to god who is with me, so that he may not destroy you. "

II Chronicles 35:22 but yosia did not return his face to strike against him, and he did not listen to the words of nekhah from the mouth of god, but went back to combation on the road megiddo.

II Chronicles 35:23 so the bound gathered the king josia. then the king said to his slaves, " bring me out, for i am greatly hard. "

II Chronicles 35:24 so his servants brought him out of the wagn and put him up on his second wagn and brought him to jerusalem. so he died and was buried in the ground of his ancestors. and all judah and jerusalem greesed josia.

II Chronicles 35:25 so jeremiah praised josia, and all the weeping and weeping weeping about josia said to this day, and they gave him to be a command in israel. and look, they are written in the wears of weeping.

II Chronicles 35:26 what is reason of yosia and his confidence, which is written of the law of the lord,

II Chronicles 35:27 his things, the first and the last, is written in the letter of the rulers of israel and juda.

II Chronicles 36:1 then the people of the land took joahaz son of josia and made him king in the place of his father in jerusalem.

II Chronicles 36:2 joahaz was eventy-three years when he became king, and he regeted three months in jerusalem. his mother was hamutal, a daughter of jirmeah, from libna. he did what was evil in the eyes of the lord, just as his ancestors had done.

II Chronicles 36:3 so the king of egypt brought him away in egypt and placed the land a tribute for a hundred talents silver, and a talent gold.

II Chronicles 36:4 so pharaoh pharao neko gave his father eliakim, son of josia, in the place of his father josia, and made him to jojakim. pharaoh, his brother, took his brother joahaz and brought him to egypt. there the silver and gold gave him to pharaoh. then the land completed the silver and gold from our people to give pharaons nekhah.

II Chronicles 36:5 joiakim was twenty-five years when he became king, and regna elf years in jerusalem. his mother ' s name was zekhora, daughter of nerija from rama. he did what is evil in men of the lord.

II Chronicles 36:6 so nebukadnessar, the king of babylon, went up against him, sitting him with chains and brought him to babylon.

II Chronicles 36:7 then nebukadnessar reported some of the powers of the house of the lord and placed it in his temple in babylon.

II Chronicles 36:8 what of remains of joiachim, what restored he, and what has happened to experience, is opteed in the letter of the rulers of israel and judah. his son jojachin reign in his place.

II Chronicles 36:9 jojachin was elf years when he became king, and he reigned three months and ten days in jerusalem. he did what was evil in the eyes of the lord.

II Chronicles 36:10 after the year was passed, king nebukadnessar sent him and brought him into babylon with the precious gegenjects of the temple of the lord. so he reigned his brother zedekiah over juda and jerusalem.

II Chronicles 36:11 zedekia was a eventy years when he became king, and he reign elf years in jerusalem.

II Chronicles 36:12 he did what was evil in the presence of the lord his god. he did not be suffered before the prophet jeremiah, which was speaking from the lord.

II Chronicles 36:13 so he even rebelled against the king nebukadnezzar, who had joined him by god. he endured his cerge, endured his heart, so that he did not return to the lord god of israel.

II Chronicles 36:14 and all the rulers of the priests and the people continued to reject all the abominations of the nations, and they defiled the temple of the lord that he had revealed in jerusalem.

II Chronicles 36:15 then the lord, the god of their ancestors, sent his angels early and sent, because he spared his people and his place.

II Chronicles 36:16 but they suffered the angels of god and disjected his words and insulted his prophets until the anger of the lord went up against his people until there was no healing.

II Chronicles 36:17 so he brought the king of the chaldeans against them and killed their young men by the sword in the house of his sanctuary. he did not spare the young man or the virgin, the elder, the elder, and the elder. he gave them everything into their hand.

II Chronicles 36:18 and all the powers of the house of god, great and little, the treasure of the temple of god, the treasure of the king and of his rulers.

II Chronicles 36:19 they burned the temple of god and destroyed the muur of jerusalem, and burned up with fire the palats of the city ' s paleis.

II Chronicles 36:20 and the rest of the people transported to babylon, and they became slaves to him and his sons until the kingdom of person reigned.

II Chronicles 36:21 so the word of the lord through jeremiah would be fulfilled, until the land received his sabbath, for all the days she was desolated until the seventy years were completed.

II Chronicles 36:22 now on the first regierungsjahr of cyrus king of persien, so that the word of the lord through jeremijah would be fulfilled : " the lord raised the spirit of cyrus the king of persarus, and he promised to proclaim in his whole kingdom in the scripture :

II Chronicles 36:23 " this is the message that cyrus the king of persien says, ' the lord the god of heaven has given all rits of the earth, and he commanded me to build a house for him in jerusalem, which is in judea. who is among you from his people, may the lord his god be with him and he may go. "

Ezra 1:1 in the first years of cyrus king of persien, to fulfill the word of the lord from jeremiah ' s mouth, the lord raised the spirit of cyrus the king of persien, so that he spoke in all his kingdom, even in a scripture, saying :

Ezra 1:2 " this is the message that cyrus the king of persien says, ' the lord the god of heaven has given to me, and he has commanded me to build a house for him in jerusalem in judea.

Ezra 1:3 which of you, from his people, may be with him. he must go up to jerusalem in judea and build the temple of the lord, the god of israel. he is the god who is in jerusalem.

Ezra 1:4 and everyone who remains from every place where he lives, the people of his place will receive it with silver, gold, children, and beast, with frietful offerings for the temple of god in jerusalem. "

Ezra 1:5 then the families of the familes of judah and benjamin, the priests and the levies, all those whom god raised their spirit to ascend to rebuild the temple of the lord that was in jerusalem.

Ezra 1:6 and all who were around around them were strengthened by them with silver, gold, rich, beast, and marries, except all your members of members.

Ezra 1:7 then king cyrus brought out the powers of the house of the lord that nebukadnessar had taken up from jerusalem and placed in his god ' s house.

Ezra 1:8 cyrus the king of persien brought them by mitredath the governor, who committed them to shesbatsar, the ruling officer of judah.

Ezra 1:9 this is their number : thirty goldens, 1000 silver coins, twenty-nine,

Ezra 1:10 thirty bears of gold, two hundred silver bears, and thousand other draubs.

Ezra 1:11 all the gound of gold and silver were five thousand and four hundred. all these things sheshbatsar brought up when the captive returned from babylon to jerusalem.

Ezra 2:1 these are the people of the province who went up from the captivition, those who nebukadressar ' s king had transported to babylon, and who returned to jerusalem and juda, each one to his town,

Ezra 2:2 they came with zerubbabel : jehosuah, nehemias, seraias, reelajah, mardocheus, bilsahar, head, rehum and baana. these were the number of the people of israel :

Ezra 2:3 the sons of paros, two hundred hundred seventy-two ;

Ezra 2:4 the sons of sefatja, 372 ;

Ezra 2:5 arah, 775,

Ezra 2:6 the sons of pahat-moab, of the sons of jesua and joab, two 1,218,

Ezra 2:7 the sons of elam, a hundred two hundred fifty-four ;

Ezra 2:8 bani, 945,

Ezra 2:9 the sons of zachai, 760 ;

Ezra 2:10 bani ' s sons, 642 ;

Ezra 2:11 bebai ' s sons, 623 ;

Ezra 2:12 the sons of azgad, two thousand two hundred seventy-two ;

Ezra 2:13 adonikam, 666,

Ezra 2:14 bigvai, two thousand fifty-six ;

Ezra 2:15 the sons of adin, four hundred fifty-four ;

Ezra 2:16 ater, of jehizkiah, 98,

Ezra 2:17 bash ' s sons, trecientos seventy-three ;

Ezra 2:18 the sons of jorah, 112 ;

Ezra 2:19 harum, two hundred seventy-three ;

Ezra 2:20 gibber, 95,

Ezra 2:21 the people of bethlehem : 123 ;

Ezra 2:22 the people of netofa, fifty and six ;

Ezra 2:23 people of anathoth, 128,

Ezra 2:24 the people of azmaveth, fifty and two ;

Ezra 2:25 the people of kiriat-jearim, kephira and beeroth, 743,

Ezra 2:26 the sons of rama and geba, seventy and sifty ;

Ezra 2:27 the people of michmas, 122 ;

Ezra 2:28 the people of bethel and ai : four hundred seventy-three ;

Ezra 2:29 the sons of nebo, fifty and two ;

Ezra 2:30 the people of magbis : 126 ;

Ezra 2:31 the sons of elamar - a hundred two hundred fifty-four ;

Ezra 2:32 the people of harim : 320 ;

Ezra 2:33 the people of lod : arad and ono, seven hundred and twenty-five ;

Ezra 2:34 the people of jericho : 345 ;

Ezra 2:35 the sons of senaa, 3630.

Ezra 2:36 the priests : the sons of jedaah, of the house of jesua, nif hundred seventy-three ;

Ezra 2:37 the sons of immer, a hundred fifty-two ;

Ezra 2:38 the sons of pashur, a hundred two hundred four and seven ;

Ezra 2:39 harum, two and seven,

Ezra 2:40 of the levits : jesua and kadmiel, of the sons of hodavia, seventy-four.

Ezra 2:41 the zangers : the sons of asaf, 128 ;

Ezra 2:42 the covenants : the sons of sallum, the sons of ater, the sons of talmon, the sons of akkub, the sons of hatita, all 139.

Ezra 2:43 the nethinites : the sons of sihas, the sons of hasufra, the sons of tabbaoth,

Ezra 2:44 keros, sia, padon,

Ezra 2:45 lebana, hagaba, akkub,

Ezra 2:46 hagab, shimaah, hanan,

Ezra 2:47 giddel, gahar, reaja,

Ezra 2:48 resos, nekoda, gazem,

Ezra 2:49 uzza, paseach, besai,

Ezra 2:50 asena, meunim, nefusim,

Ezra 2:51 bakbuk, hakupha, harhur,

Ezra 2:52 basloth, mehida, harsa,

Ezra 2:53 barkos, sisera, thama,

Ezra 2:54 neziah, hatifan.

Ezra 2:55 the sons of salomos prisoners : sotai, sofereth, peruda,

Ezra 2:56 jaala, darkon, giddel,

Ezra 2:57 sefatías, hattil, pocheret-sebaim, ami.

Ezra 2:58 the temple temple of nethines and the sons of his household were two hundred noventy-two.

Ezra 2:59 these were those who went up from tel-melah, tel-harsa, kerub, addan, and immer, but were not able to report their family and their descendants if they were from israel :

Ezra 2:60 the sons of delaia, the sons of tobia, the sons of nekoda, six hundred fifty-two ;

Ezra 2:61 from the priests ' s sons, the sons of hababiah, the sons of barzillai, who had married a woman from the daughters of barzillai the gileadit and was called to name to them.

Ezra 2:62 these people were seeking their own scriptures, but did not be found. so they were seized from the priesthood.

Ezra 2:63 the governor said to them not to eat from the present things until a priest stood up with urim and tummim.

Ezra 2:64 the whole church of them were about four thousand two hundred seventy-sixty,

Ezra 2:65 without their slaves and slaves, who were seven thousand two hundred thirty and seven ; there were two hundred canters and canderers.

Ezra 2:66 they have seven hundred thirty and six, their muls, two hundred fifty-five,

Ezra 2:67 two hundred thirty and thirty camells, sex thousand seven hundred and sifty.

Ezra 2:68 some of the families of the families, when they came to the temple of the lord in jerusalem, offered freely to the house of god to make it stand on his place.

Ezra 2:69 they gave them in their power to the treasure of the work : seventy-two thousand gold, five thousand silver silver, and hundred priesthood log.

Ezra 2:70 so the priests, the lévites, the people, the canders, the poorders, the nethinim were sitting in their towns, and all the people in their towns.

Ezra 3:1 when the seventh month came, and the israelites were in their towns, the people gathered together as one man in jerusalem.

Ezra 3:2 then jesua the son of jozadak and his brothers priests and serubbabel, the son of shealtiel, and his brothers came up and bowed the altar of the god of israel to offer on it brannouns, as is written in the law of moses the man of god.

Ezra 3:3 they prepared the altar on his place because they were afraid of the people of the lander, and they offered offering offerings on it, both morning and evening.

Ezra 3:4 they celebred the feast of loaves as it was written, and sacrificed holocausts every day according to the number of the law, each day for each day.

Ezra 3:5 after this were the always brance of the offering offering, the night and all the feast of the saints feast and for every one who offered freely to the lord.

Ezra 3:6 on the first day of the seventh month they began to offering brances to the lord, but the temple of the temple of the lord was not funded.

Ezra 3:7 so they gave silver to the powers and timpens, and food, drink, and olive oil to the sidonians and the sores to bring ceders from the libano to jafo, just as cyrus, the king of persien, had given them.

Ezra 3:8 in the second year after they went to the house of god to jerusalem, at the second month, serubbabel, the son of shealtiel, and jesua the son of josadak, and the rest of their brothers, the priests, the lévites, and all those who had come to jerusalem from the captivity. they stood the lévites from thirty years and oppos to work on the work of the temple of the lord.

Ezra 3:9 then jesua, his sons and his brothers, kadmiel and his sons, the people of judah, stood together against those who were practicing the work in the house of god. so the sons of henadad, their sons and their brothers, the lévites.

Ezra 3:10 when the people were themselves to rebuild the temple of the lord, the priests dressed with trumpet and the levits, asafs ' sons, with cymbalos, to praise the lord according to the order of david the king of israel.

Ezra 3:11 they began to praise, praising and confessing the lord because he was good, because his mercy is eternal on israel. " and all the people praise with loud voice, praising the lord because the foundation of the temple of the lord.

Ezra 3:12 but many of the priests, the lévites, and the families of the families, the elders who had seen the first temple, weeping in their presence this temple, they shouted with loud voice. but many were shouting with great joy.

Ezra 3:13 the people did not understand the voice of the joy of joy from the voice of the weeping of the people, because the people shouted out with a loud voice, so that the voice was heard far from a distance.

Ezra 4:1 when the enemies of judah and benjamin heard that those who were transported to rebuild a house to the lord, god of israel,

Ezra 4:2 they came to serubbabel and to the families of the family and said to them, " we will be with you, for we look like you to your god, and for him we offer sacrifices from the days of esar-haddon the king of assyrien who has brought us here. "

Ezra 4:3 but serubbabel, jesua, and the rest of the families of israel said to them, " you are not to build a house to our god, but we will build the temple to the lord the god of our god, as king cyrus, the king of persien, has commanded us. "

Ezra 4:4 then the people of the earth explained the people of judah and destroyed them to rebuild them.

Ezra 4:5 they gathered countrymen against them to destroy their plants in all the time of cyrus king of persia and until the kingdom of darius king of persien.

Ezra 4:6 in the kingdom of ahasverus, in the beginning of his kingdom, they wrote a letter against the people of judah and jerusalem.

Ezra 4:7 in the days of artaxerxes, mitredat, tabeel, and his other fellow fellow workers wrote to king artaxerxes the king of persien. the letter was written of aramaians and was revealed to aramaic.

Ezra 4:8 rehum the governor, and simsa the experts in the law wrote a letter against jerusalem to the king artaxerxes.

Ezra 4:9 rehum the governor, and simsai the expert in the law, and the rest of our fellow fellow slaves, dina, afarsathites, afarsatites, afartians, afartians, babylon, sousanites, elamites,

Ezra 4:10 and the rest of the nations whom asnapar the great and precious asnapar captived and sat in the towns of samaria and the rest of the other side of the river.

Ezra 4:11 this is the letter of the letter they sent to him : " to the king artaxerxes your servants, the people over the other side of the river.

Ezra 4:12 let the king be known that the jewish people who went up from you have come to us to jerusalem. they build a rebelly and evil city, revealed its mures and revealed its foundation.

Ezra 4:13 now let it be known to the king that if that city will be built up and its murs will be revealed, they will not give last, or the kingdom of the kings does evil.

Ezra 4:14 it is not lawful for us to see, because of this we have sent him to report to the king.

Ezra 4:15 to read in the scroll of your ancestors, and you will find in the scroll of your ancestors, and you will know that that city is a rebellied city, who destroyed the kings and the provinces.

Ezra 4:16 then we make known to the king that if that city is built up and its muur are revealed, you will not have peace. ' "

Ezra 4:17 the king sent this message to rehum the governor, shimsai the experts in the law, and the rest of their fellow companions who live in samaria and the rest of the other side of the river : " peace ! "

Ezra 4:18 the letter you sent to us is revealed before me.

Ezra 4:19 i have commanded this command, and we found that that city from long time has been rejected against the kings and that there were confusion and devotion.

Ezra 4:20 there were powerful women over jerusalem who rejected the whole region in the other side of the river. they were given taxes, full, and part.

Ezra 4:21 now give order to destroy those men and that city will not be built until i have been instructed from me.

Ezra 4:22 let you be encouraged to make this reason, so that there is no great destruction for the king ' s evil. "

Ezra 4:23 when the letter of the letter of the king artaxerxes was lected before rehum, the experts in the law, and their fellow fellow collectors, they went quicchly to jerusalem and gathered them with power and power.

Ezra 4:24 then the work of the temple of god in jerusalem was completed, and until the second reason of the kingdom of the king darius ' s king.

Ezra 5:1 then the prophet haggai and zechariah the son of iddo prophecied to the jews in juda and jerusalem in the name of the god of israel.

Ezra 5:2 then serubbabel, the son of shealtiel, and jesua, the son of jozadak, stood and began to build the house of god in jerusalem, and the prophets of god were with them to help them.

Ezra 5:3 at that time tattenai, the governor of the other side of the river, and sethar-boznai with their companions and said to them, " who gave you instruction to rebuild this house, and reveal this temple ? "

Ezra 5:4 then we said to them what is the name of the men who build this city. "

Ezra 5:5 but the eye of his god was over the leaders of the jewish leaders, so that they were not revealed them until the instruction was brought to darius.

Ezra 5:6 this is the letter of the letter that tattenai, the governor of the other side of the river, and sethar-boznai with their fellow fellow slaves, the afarsachites who were in the other side of the river, sent to king darius.

Ezra 5:7 they sent a message to him, and there was written in it : to king darius may he have all peace.

Ezra 5:8 let the king be known that we went to the province of judea, to the house of the great god. it is built with large stones, and a tree is taken on the wells. this work is revealed and is pleasing in their hands.

Ezra 5:9 then we asked the elders, and we said to them so, ' who gave you instruction to build this house and reveal this temple ? '

Ezra 5:10 we asked them their names to make known to you and write the name of the men who are their rulers.

Ezra 5:11 they replied to us, ' we are slaves of the god of heaven and earth, and we build up the house that was built up for many years before these years. a great king of israel rebuked it and prepared it.

Ezra 5:12 but when our ancestors provoked the god of heaven, he gave them into the hand of nebukadnezzar the king of babylon the chaldeer, who destroyed this temple and brought the people captive to babylon.

Ezra 5:13 but in the first year of cyros the king of babylon, king cyrus gave a order to rebuild this temple of god.

Ezra 5:14 then the goods of gold and silver things of the temple of god that nebukadnessar had brought out of the temple of jerusalem and brought into the temple of babel, the king cyrus brought them out of the temple of babel and gave it to shesbatsar, the governor of the treasure.

Ezra 5:15 and said to him, " take the vattle and go and put them in the temple of jerusalem, and god ' s house is god to his place.

Ezra 5:16 then the one sheshbatsar came and gave the foundation of the temple of god in jerusalem. from that time until now it is built, but is not fulfilled. '

Ezra 5:17 if it is good to the king, let him be punished in the palace of the king of babylon, so may you know that king kyros has given a command to rebuild this temple of god in jerusalem, and let the king send us to us about this reason. "

Ezra 6:1 then the king darius gave instruction to visit in the scrolls where the treats were laid in babylon.

Ezra 6:2 now in kiriataim, the province of the province of media, found a scroll, in which it was written of a memorial :

Ezra 6:3 in the first year of king kyros, the king cyrus gave a order about the house of god in jerusalem : " a house must be built, and there is a place where they offered sacrifices. his household must be seventy whatices and his breedth for sexty whatices.

Ezra 6:4 there must be three women of stone of stone and one household of tree. the koods must be given from the king ' s house.

Ezra 6:5 then the gound of the silver and silver things of the temple of god that nebukadnessar had brought out of the temple of jerusalem and brought to babylon, should be given and go to the temple of jerusalem to his place, and be placed in the house of god. "

Ezra 6:6 now now, the governor of the other region of the other side of the river, sethar-boznai and your fellow fellow slaves, the afarsaches who are in the other side of the river, stand away from there.

Ezra 6:7 reject the work of the house of god. the governor of the jews and the elders of the jews should build this temple of god on his place.

Ezra 6:8 i will give a instruction from me to do what you should do with the elders of the jews to rebuild this temple ' s house. from the possessions of the king, from the builds of the other side of the river must be revealed to those men, so that they may not be removed.

Ezra 6:9 whatever is necessary, bears, bodies, and lammers for holocausts to the god of heaven, fire, salt, wine, olive oil, will be given to them day for day, every day as they ask,

Ezra 6:10 so that they may offer a good offering for the god of heaven and pray for the life of the king and his sons.

Ezra 6:11 and i will give a instruction that if anyone rejects this way will be taken up a tree from his house, and will be taken up and gate on it, and his house will be made for a order.

Ezra 6:12 and god who loves there his name will destroy every king and people who extends his hand to reject or to destroy this temple of god in jerusalem. i, darius, have commanded this command. let him be completed ! "

Ezra 6:13 then tattenai, the governor of the other side of the river, sethar-boznai and their fellow slaves did what king darius had sent.

Ezra 6:14 now the elders of the jews began to bound, so that they followed the prophecy of the prophet haggai and zechariah the son of iddo. they built and fulfilled according to the order of the god of israel and according to the instruction of kyro, darius, and artaxerxes, king of persien.

Ezra 6:15 this house was perfected on the third day of the month adar, in the sixth year of the kingdom of the king darius.

Ezra 6:16 so the people of israel, the priests, the lévites, and the rest of the captive, made the dedice of the temple of god with joy.

Ezra 6:17 to the dedication of the house of god they brought a beast of tyre, two hundred rams, four hundred lammers, and twelve boats for sin for all israel, for the number of the tribes of israel.

Ezra 6:18 they stood the priests in their divisions, and the levies in their divisions, to the service of god in jerusalem, as it was written in moses ' book.

Ezra 6:19 the people from captivity celebred the passover on the four fourth day of the first month.

Ezra 6:20 for the priests and the lévites were purified as one, they were all clean. they sacrificed the passover for all the people of captive, for their brothers the priests and for themselves.

Ezra 6:21 so the people of israel who had come from the captivition ate the passover, and everyone who was rejected from the impurity of the nations of the land to require the lord, the god of israel.

Ezra 6:22 they celebred the feast of unleavened bread for seven days with joy, because the lord rejoiced them and turned the heart of the king of assyrien to them, to strengthen their hands on the work of the house of the god of israel.

Ezra 7:1 after these things, in the kingdom of king artaxerxes, king of persien, ezra, son of seraja, son of azarja, son of hilkia,

Ezra 7:2 son of sallum, the son of zadok, the son of ahitub,

Ezra 7:3 son of samaria, son of azarja, the son of merahoth,

Ezra 7:4 son of zeraiah, the son of seraja, the son of bukki,

Ezra 7:5 son of abisua, the son of phinehas, son of eleazar, the son of aaron, the first priest,

Ezra 7:6 this is esra coming from babylon. he was a expert in the law of moses, whom the lord, the god of israel, had given. and the king gave him everything he looked for him, because the hand of the lord his god was over him.

Ezra 7:7 then some of the people of israel, the priests, the lévites, the sangers, the poortyers, and the nethinim went up to jerusalem in the seventh regierungsjahr of king artaxerxes.

Ezra 7:8 so he came to jerusalem in the fifth month, in the seventh year of the king.

Ezra 7:9 for on the first day of the first month he made the resurrection from babylon, and on the first day of the fifth month he came to jerusalem because the good hand of his god was over him.

Ezra 7:10 for esra intended in his heart to keep the law of the lord to execute it and to teach in israel commandments and judgments.

Ezra 7:11 this is the letter of the letter that king artaxerxes gave to esra the priest, the expert in the scroll of the commandments of the commandments of the lord and his commandments over israel :

Ezra 7:12 " artaxerxes, king of the kings, to esra, the experts in the law of the god of heaven -

Ezra 7:13 i give a order that everyone of the people of israel, his priests, and levits in my kingdom, will go with you to jerusalem,

Ezra 7:14 because you are sent before the king and his seven council to refer in judea and jerusalem for the law of your god that is in your hand,

Ezra 7:15 and to bring the silver and gold that the king and his companions offered to the god of israel, whose habitation is in jerusalem,

Ezra 7:16 and all the silver and gold that you find in all the province of babylon, with the members of the people and the priests, who offered the temple of his god in jerusalem.

Ezra 7:17 thus make every way in this book with bears, boats, lammers, with their sacrifices and dricts and bring them on the altar of the house of your god in jerusalem.

Ezra 7:18 and what you and your brothers are good to do for the rest of the silver and gold rest, hold according to your god ' s will.

Ezra 7:19 and the powers that are given to you for the service of your god, present before the god in jerusalem.

Ezra 7:20 and other need for your god ' s house that you can give, you should give it from the palace of the king.

Ezra 7:21 and from me, king artaxerxes, i give instruction to all the haves that are in the other side of the river, that whatever esra the priest, the experts in the law of the god of heaven, should be refered.

Ezra 7:22 until a hundred talents silver silver, hundred kor wheat, hundred bath wine, hundred bath olive oil, and salt without write. "

Ezra 7:23 everything that is according to the god of heaven must be fulfilled for the house of the god of heaven, so that there may become anger against the kingdom of the king and his sons.

Ezra 7:24 and to you may be revealed of all the priests, the levians, the guards, the poortyers, the nethinim, the temple temple, and the ministers of this temple ' s house.

Ezra 7:25 and you, esra, according to the wisdom of your god that you have in your hand, make experts and judgers to judge to all the people in the other side of the river, to all who know the law of your god. and make known to those who do not know it.

Ezra 7:26 if anyone does not obey the law of his god or the law of the king must be revealed by it, or to death, or to discipline, whether in the prison of his life or to the prison. "

Ezra 7:27 blessed be the lord, the god of our ancestors, who has placed this in the king ' s heart to glorify the temple of the lord in jerusalem.

Ezra 7:28 he taught mercy to me in the presence of the king and his council, and all the large rulers of the king. so i became strengthened because the hand of the lord my god was on me, and i gathered rulers from israel to come with me.

Ezra 8:1 these are the families of their families, their families, who accompanied me in the kingdom of king artaxerxes ' s kingdom.

Ezra 8:2 from the sons of phinehas : gerson ; from the sons of ithamar, daniel ; from the sons of david hatus ;

Ezra 8:3 from the sons of sechania, from the sons of paros, zechariah, and with him two and fifty-fifty.

Ezra 8:4 from the sons of pahat-moab : elienai, the son of zerahja, and with him two hundred manspers ;

Ezra 8:5 from the sons of sechaniah, the son of jahasiel, and with him two hundred manspers.

Ezra 8:6 from the sons of adin, ebed, the son of jonatan, and with him fifty manspers.

Ezra 8:7 from the sons of elam, jesia, the son of athalia, and with him seventy-two men ;

Ezra 8:8 from the sons of sefatiah, zebadja, the son of michael, and with him taventy-four mansperks.

Ezra 8:9 from the sons of joab, obadja, the son of jehiel, and with him two hundred and eighten manspersonds ;

Ezra 8:10 from the sons of selomith, the son of josiphias, and with him 160 männern.

Ezra 8:11 from the sons of bebai, zechariah, the son of bebai, and with him setty and eight men.

Ezra 8:12 from the sons of azgad, johanan, the son of haktan, and with him 112 manspersons ;

Ezra 8:13 from the descendants of adonikam the last, and these were their names : elifelet, jeiel, semaja, and with them seventy manspersons.

Ezra 8:14 from the sons of bigvai, utai and zabbud, and with him seventy-four manspers.

Ezra 8:15 then i gathered them by the river that lives to ahava, and we stayed there three days. but when i looked among the people and the priests, i found no one from the sons of levi there.

Ezra 8:16 then i sent men to eleazar, ariel, semajah, elnathan, jarib, elnathan, nathan, zechariah, and mesullam, men, and jojarib, and elnathan, experts in the law.

Ezra 8:17 then i brought them before the governor in the place of casifia, and i put in their mouth the things to speak to their brothers and sisters, the nethinim, in the place of casifia, to bring us lopers for our god ' s house.

Ezra 8:18 because the good hand of our god was over us, they brought us a man from the sons of mahli, the son of levi, the son of israel, and his sons and brothers were eighteen.

Ezra 8:19 and hasabja and jesaias from the sons of merari, with his brothers and sisters, twenty,

Ezra 8:20 and from the temple nethinim, whom david and the rulers had given to the service of the lévites, two hundred and twenty-twenty temple of nethinim.

Ezra 8:21 then i called there a faste on ahava river to be humbled before our god, to ask for him a good way for us and our children, and for all our possessions.

Ezra 8:22 for i was ashamed to ask for the king power and ruiters to save us from enemies on the road, because we had said to the king, " the hand of our god is over all who look for him for good, but his power and anger is over all who forgive him. "

Ezra 8:23 so we fasting and asked our god about this, and he heard us.

Ezra 8:24 then i divided twelve of the rulers of the priests, serebja, hasabbia, and ten of their brothers, ten.

Ezra 8:25 so i put up for them the silver and gold and the gifts, the offering offering for the house of our god, which the king and his council, his rulers, and all the people of israel who were there.

Ezra 8:26 i put in their hands of them sexty hundred and fifty talents, sill silver, hundred talents of gold,

Ezra 8:27 and twenty-two golden bears for a mill of milmanim, and thousand vass of blitable good bronze, difficulty like gold.

Ezra 8:28 then i said to them, " you are holy for the lord, and the vats are holy, and the silver and the gold is a free for the lord god of your ancestors.

Ezra 8:29 stay alert and beware it until you stand before the rulers of the priests, the lévites, and the families of the familes of jerusalem in jerusalem, to the towns of the house of the lord. "

Ezra 8:30 so the priests and the lévites welcomed the silver and gold and the cloaks to bring it to jerusalem, to the house of our god.

Ezra 8:31 then we left the river ahava on the twelve day of the first month to go to jerusalem. the hand of our god was on us and he saved us from the hand of the enemies and the companions on the road.

Ezra 8:32 then we came to jerusalem and stayed there three days.

Ezra 8:33 the fourth day we put up the silver and gold and the gifts in the house of our god in the hand of meremot the son of uriah the priest, and with him was eleazar the son of phinehas, and with them was jozabad the son of jesua, and noadija, the son of binaia, the lévites.

Ezra 8:34 all things were in number and weak, and the whole weak was written in that time.

Ezra 8:35 those who came from the captivity, the people who were captive from the captivity offered offerings to the god of israel, twelve bears for all israel, noventy-six boats, seventy-seven lammers and twelve bokken as sins. they were everything for a sacrifice to the lord.

Ezra 8:36 so they gave the law of the king to the satraps of the king and to the governor of the other side of the river. so they praised the people and the temple of god.

Ezra 9:1 when these things were completed, the rulers approached me and said, " the people of israel, the priests, and the levians did not be divided from the people of the lander with their abominations, the cananites, the hethians, the jebusites, the ammonites, the moabites, the moabites, the moabites, the moabites, the moabites, the moabites, the moabites, the moabites, the moabites, the moabites, the moabites, and the amorians.

Ezra 9:2 for they have taken their daughters for themselves and their sons, so that the holy descendant has been taken up with the peoples of the lands. and the hands of the rulers and rulers were the first in this transgression. "

Ezra 9:3 when i heard this, i tore my clothing and my clothing, threw the hair of my head and my back, and sat down suffering.

Ezra 9:4 then all who were persecuting the words of the god of israel gathered to me because of the transgression of those who were present to the captivition. i was seated until the evening sacrifice.

Ezra 9:5 at the evening i stood from my affliction. when i tore my clothing and my clothes, i knew down with my knees and extended my hands to the lord my god

Ezra 9:6 and i said, my god, i am ashamed and shame to rise my face to you, my god, for our transgressions were multiplied over our head, and our transgression has become great until heaven.

Ezra 9:7 from the days of our ancestors we are in great transgression until this day, and because of our transgressions we and our kings and our sons were given in the hand of the rulers of the nations, to the sword, captivity, planage, and confusion, as it is now.

Ezra 9:8 now now the lord our god has compassed us to leave us to salvation and give us a help in his holy place, to light our eyes and give us a little life in our servant.

Ezra 9:9 for we are slaves, but our god has not forgiven us in our servant. he has leading mercy on us in the presence of the kings of persien, to give us living life, to reveal the house of our god and reveal its wilderness, and to give us a place in judah and jerusalem.

Ezra 9:10 after this, our god, what should we say after this ? for we have forgiven your commandments.

Ezra 9:11 you gave us through your servants the prophets, saying, ' the land you enter to possessy it is a defiled land because of the defilation of the nations of the nations, because they have revealed it from the ene to the other by their unclean things.

Ezra 9:12 so then, do not give your daughters to their sons or take their daughters to your sons, and do not look for their peace and good, so that you may be strengthened and eat the goods of the earth and give it possessions for your children to ever. '

Ezra 9:13 after all the things that came over us because of our evil deeds and our great transgression, because you, our god, have rejected us for our transgressions and gave us salvation.

Ezra 9:14 have we returned to destroy your commandments and to become wedding with the peoples of the lands ? do you not be astonished against us until we have completed, so that there is no rest of whom has left or remained ?

Ezra 9:15 lord, god of israel, you are righteous, for we have left rest, just as it is now. look, we are before you in our transgressions, because for this reason there is no one to stand before you. "

Ezra 10:1 now when esra prayed and confessed while he weeping and prayed before the house of god, a great church from israel gathered together to him, both men and women and children to him, because the people weeped with weeping.

Ezra 10:2 then sechanja, the son of jehiel, of the sons of elam, answered esra, " we have transgressed our god, since we have married others from the people of the land. but now there is endurance for israel for this.

Ezra 10:3 now let us make a covenant with our god to drive out all the women and the things that have become from them, according to the conseech of our god, and make them fear according to the law of our god. let the law be done.

Ezra 10:4 get up, because this way is against you, and we will be with you. be strengthened and do. "

Ezra 10:5 then esra stood up and informed the rulers of the priests, the lévites, and all the people of israel to do such things. then they swored.

Ezra 10:6 then esra stood away from the house of god and went to the offering of johanan, the son of elijasib, and went to it. he ate no bread and drinked no water because he mourned about the transgression of those who were captive.

Ezra 10:7 so they heard a voice in judah and jerusalem to all the people of the captivition to assemble together to jerusalem.

Ezra 10:8 and if anyone would not come in three days, according to the plan of the rulers and elders, all his possessions will be revealed, and he himself will be taken away from the church of the captive.

Ezra 10:9 then all the men of judah and benjamin assembled in jerusalem for three days. it was the nighth month, on the nighth day of the month. all the people sat down on the street of the house of god because they were astonished about this and for the winter.

Ezra 10:10 then the priest esra stood up and said to them, " you have transgressed and have married others, to increase the transgression of israel.

Ezra 10:11 now give the praise to the lord, god of your ancestors, and do what is right to him. reject yourselves from the people of the earth and from the other women. "

Ezra 10:12 then the whole group replied with a loud voice, " so as you said, we should do.

Ezra 10:13 but the people are great, and it is the time of winter, and there is no power to stand outside. this work is not for a day or two, because we have completed many of these things.

Ezra 10:14 let our rulers stand up for the whole church, and all those in our towns who have taken alixs women, should come to some times, and with them the elders of each one town and judges, until the wrath of our god comes away from us for this reason. "

Ezra 10:15 but jonatan, the son of asahel, and jahazia, the son of tikva, were concerning this, and mesullam and the levitian sabbetai helped them.

Ezra 10:16 the people who had come back from captivity did this. then the priest ezra and some people, families of families, each in their name, and they were returned on the first day of the sixth month to require the message.

Ezra 10:17 then the first day of the first month were fulfilled with all the men who had married others.

Ezra 10:18 among the priests of the priests who had married others women were found : from the sons of jesua, the son of josadac, and his brothers, maaseja, eliezer, jarib, and gedalja.

Ezra 10:19 they hand their hand to bring their wives to bring their wives, and they offered a carge of sheep for their deliction.

Ezra 10:20 from the sons of immer, hanani and zebadja.

Ezra 10:21 from the sons of harim, maaseja, elijah, semaja, jehiel, and uzzia.

Ezra 10:22 from the sons of pashur, elioenai, maaseja, ismael, nethanael, jozabad, and elasa.

Ezra 10:23 from the lévites : jozabad, shemah, kelaia ( that is kelita ), petahja, judah, and eliezer.

Ezra 10:24 from the zangers : elijasib. from the portiers, sallum, telem, and uri.

Ezra 10:25 from israel, from the sons of paros, ramja, jasijah, malchija, mijamin, eleazar, malkija, and benaia.

Ezra 10:26 from the sons of elam, mattaniah, zechariah, jehiel, abdi, jeremoth, and elia.

Ezra 10:27 from the sons of zattu, elioenai, elijasib, mattanja, jeremot, zabad, and aziza ;

Ezra 10:28 from the sons of bebai, johanan, hananja, zabbai, atlai.

Ezra 10:29 from the sons of bani : mesullam, malluk, adaja, jasub, seal, and jeramoth ;

Ezra 10:30 from the sons of pahat-moab : adna, kelal, benaia, maaseja, mattanias, betalel, binnui, and manasseh.

Ezra 10:31 from the sons of harim : eliezer, jessia, malchija, semaja, simeon,

Ezra 10:32 benjamin, malluch and semaria.

Ezra 10:33 from the sons of hasum, mattenai, mattitha, zabad, eliphet, jermai, manasseh, simei.

Ezra 10:34 from the sons of bani, maadah, amram, uel,

Ezra 10:35 benaia, bedeja, keluhu,

Ezra 10:36 vania, meremoth, eljasib,

Ezra 10:37 mattanias, mattenai, jaasai,

Ezra 10:38 bani, binnui, shimei,

Ezra 10:39 shelemja, nathan, adaja,

Ezra 10:40 maknadbai, sasai, sarah,

Ezra 10:41 azarel, shelemja, semarja,

Ezra 10:42 sallum, amarja, joseph.

Ezra 10:43 from the sons of nebo : jeiel, mattitja, sabad, zebina, jaddai, joel, benaia.

Ezra 10:44 these people have received others women and have children of them. lord, god of israel, you are righteous, and we have left rest of those who have escaped like this day. look, we are before you in our transgressions, because for this reason we will not stand before you. "

Nehemiah 1:1 the words of nehemias, the son of hacalah. in the month kiselah, the night years, when i was in the city of susa,

Nehemiah 1:2 then hanani, one of my brothers, came with some people from judah. i asked them about those who were saved who had left the captivity and about jerusalem.

Nehemiah 1:3 they said to me, " those who rested from the captivity are there in the land with great evil and insult. the muur of jerusalem is destroyed and its gates have been burned up with fire. "

Nehemiah 1:4 when i heard these words, i sat down and weeped and mourned day, and fasting and praying before the god of heaven.

Nehemiah 1:5 and said, " ach, lord, god of heaven, you great and terrible god, who guard the covenant and the mercy to those who love you and obey his commandments !

Nehemiah 1:6 let your oor listen, and your eyes are open to hear the prayer of your slave, which i pray before you today and night for your servants israel, and confess the sins of the sons of israel that we have committed against you. and i and the house of my father have sinned against you.

Nehemiah 1:7 we have been difficult against you and have not obeyed the commandments, instance, and instance that you commanded to moses your servant.

Nehemiah 1:8 remember what you commanded to moses your servant, saying, ' if you are transgressed, i will disperse you among the peoples.

Nehemiah 1:9 but if you turn back to me and obey my commandments and follow them, then if your dispersed would be from the ends of heaven, i will gather them from there and bring them to the place i have chosen to share my name there. '

Nehemiah 1:10 they are your servants and your people whom you have redeed by your great power and with your sture hand.

Nehemiah 1:11 now, lord, let your ears listen to the prayer of your slave and to the prayer of your servants who want to fear your name. provide this day to your servant and give him mercy before this man. " i was the king ' s drunker.

Nehemiah 2:1 in the month nisan, on the thirty years of king artaxerxes, when the wine was before me, i took the wine and gave it to the king. i was not hard before him.

Nehemiah 2:2 then the king said to me, " why are your face bad ? you are not dead ! this is not only evil of heart. " so i were greatly afraid.

Nehemiah 2:3 then i said to the king, " let the king live forever ! why will my face not be sure because the city where the tomb of my ancestors is destroyed and its ports were burned with fire ? "

Nehemiah 2:4 then the king said to me, " why do you want this ? " so i prayed to the god of heaven

Nehemiah 2:5 then i said to the king, " if it is good to the king, and if your servant is good before you, send me to judah, to the city of my ancestors, so that i may rebuild it. "

Nehemiah 2:6 the king and the new woman sitting by him said to me, " how much longer must your return be, and when will you return ? " when the king was good to send me out, i gave him a time.

Nehemiah 2:7 then i said to the king, " if it is good to the king, let me give letters to the governor on the other side of the river to bring me over until i come to judah,

Nehemiah 2:8 and a letter to asaf the guard of the king ' s guard, that he may give me tree to bear the ports of the city, the city of the city, and for the house to which i will enter. " and the king gave me, because the good hand of my god was over me.

Nehemiah 2:9 then i came to the governor of the other side the river, and i gave them the letters of the king. then the king sent rulers of power and ruiters with me.

Nehemiah 2:10 but when sanballat the horonita and tobias the ammonita slave heard this, they became very hard that a man was coming to look for the people of israel.

Nehemiah 2:11 so when i came to jerusalem, i was there three days.

Nehemiah 2:12 then i stood in the night with a few men with me, but i did not tell anyone what my god had put into my heart to do for israel. i had no beast with me except the beast i walked.

Nehemiah 2:13 then i went out by the door of the vald, to the side of the gath of the fig tree and to the misting city, and i destroyed the murs of jerusalem that were destroyed and its ports were burned with fire.

Nehemiah 2:14 so i went over to the kill of the well and to the king ' s pieces, but there was no place for the beast to pass under me.

Nehemiah 2:15 then i went up in the night in the night, and considered the muur, and then i returned by the door of the vall and returned.

Nehemiah 2:16 the guards did not understand what i was going or what i had done. even until that time i did not tell it to the jews, the priests, the practice, the governor, and the rest who had practiced the work.

Nehemiah 2:17 then i said to them, " you see the evil one we are in it : jerusalem is deserted, and its gates are swallowed up with fire. come, let us build the muur of jerusalem, so that we will not be any confusion. "

Nehemiah 2:18 then i told them the hand of my god who was good on me, and the words that the king had told me. they said, " let us stand up and build. " so they strengthened to good.

Nehemiah 2:19 but when sanballat the horonita and tobias the ammonita slave, and gesem the arabier heard this, they provoked against us and said, " what is this that you are doing ? are you rebelled against the king ? "

Nehemiah 2:20 then i replied, " the god of heaven will give us good, and we, his servants, will be clean and build. but you have no part of part, righteousness, and memory in jerusalem. "

Nehemiah 3:1 then elijasib, the high priest, and his brothers, the priests, stood up and built the sheep of sheep. they sanctified it and stood its ports. they sanctified it until the torre of hananeel.

Nehemiah 3:2 on his side were the people of jericho, and on his side was zakkur, the son of imri.

Nehemiah 3:3 the fish of fish the sons of senaa began to build the fish of fish. they stapped it and stood up its ports, tacks, and rives.

Nehemiah 3:4 ahead of them, meremot the son of uria, the son of uriah, and ahead of him mesullam, the son of berechiah, the son of meschesabel, and ahead of them cadok, the son of baana.

Nehemiah 3:5 on their side the tekoeer rested the resting of them, but their officiers did not lead their neck to the service of their lord.

Nehemiah 3:6 yojada, the son of paseach, and mesullam, the son of besodja, rested the first city. they stapped it and stapped her gates, its rives and rives.

Nehemiah 3:8 ahead of him, ananias, the son of the rehobim, rested. on their side he rested jerusalem until the bread wall.

Nehemiah 3:9 at their side was the resting rephaia, the ruler, the ruler of the half of the region of jerusalem.

Nehemiah 3:10 after him jedaja, the son of harumaf, repraid of his house, and ahead of him rested hattus, the son of hasabneja.

Nehemiah 3:11 malchiiah the son of harim and hassub, the son of pahat-moab, resting the second strong torn.

Nehemiah 3:12 at his side was sallum, the son of hales, ruling ruler of the half of the region of jerusalem, he and his daughters.

Nehemiah 3:13 the gatick restated the city of the dal, hanun and the inhabitants of zanoah. they built it and stapped its doors, its rives and rives. they resting the city from the city until the misth of misth.

Nehemiah 3:14 malchiiah, the son of rechab, ruling ruler of bethacherim, repraiced the misth of the misth of bethacherim. he stapped it and stapped her ports, looks and rives.

Nehemiah 3:15 the city ' s wall was from the city of david to the strothes that went down from the city of david.

Nehemiah 3:16 after him nehemia, the son of azbak, ruling ruler of the half region of bethsur, repraimed after him until the tomb of david and until the stone that had been created, and to the house of helms.

Nehemiah 3:17 after him the lévites restated after him, rehum the son of bani. along of him hasabías, the ruler of the half region of keila, his region.

Nehemiah 3:18 after him the brothers of them resting binnui, the son of henadad, the ruler of the half region of keila.

Nehemiah 3:19 on his side was azur, the son of jesua, a ruler of mispa, a second measure from the wall opposite the wall.

Nehemiah 3:20 after him baruch, the son of zabbah, restated a second measure from the winter until the door of elijasib the high priest.

Nehemiah 3:21 after him meramoth the son of uriah, the son of hakoz, resting a second bate from the door of the house of elijasib until the end of elijasib ' s house.

Nehemiah 3:22 after him the priests of the region of the region restated.

Nehemiah 3:23 after him, benjamin and hassub rested their family. after him, azarja, son of maaseja, son of ananias, repared his own house.

Nehemiah 3:24 after him banning binnui, the son of henadad, a second measure from the town of azarja until the winter and to the winter.

Nehemiah 3:25 phalal son, the son of uzah, stood by the hour and the reast that comes out from the inner city ' s house, at the courtyard of prison. after him, pedaja the son of paros.

Nehemiah 3:26 ( the temple of the temple of nethinim who remained in ofhel until the outside of the water of water to the east, and from the buring torn that rejected. )

Nehemiah 3:27 after him the thecoins restated a second measure from the great torre that came out, until the wall of ofla.

Nehemiah 3:28 from the heads of heads the priests ardered, each one in the side of his own house.

Nehemiah 3:29 after him zadok, the son of immer, restated the resting of his house, and after him semaja the son of sechanja, the guard of the east of the east.

Nehemiah 3:30 after him hananja, the son of selemja, and hanun the sixth son anun, a second punishment. after him mesullam, the son of berekja, restated against his offering.

Nehemiah 3:31 after him malchiiah, the son of the guard, resting the temple temple of the temple temple, like the temple of the temple temple.

Nehemiah 3:32 among the opportunity of the sheep of the sheep of the sheep of the sheep of the sheep.

Nehemiah 4:1 when sanballat heard that we bound the muur, he became great anger and explained the jews.

Nehemiah 4:2 this was the power of samariah. he said to his brothers, " this is the power of samaria. these jews will build their city.

Nehemiah 4:3 tobias the ammonita, who is ahead of him, came and said to them, ' they will offer sacrifices ! if a pull will come, he will destroy their stone wall. "

Nehemiah 4:4 he says to them, " listen to them, our god, for we have become food. return their slander on their head, and make them spoke in the land of captivity. "

Nehemiah 4:5 you will be difficult, do not destroy it with lawlessness.

Nehemiah 4:7 when sanballat, tobiah, the arabites, the ammonites, the ammonites, the doubles, and the ammonitians, when sanballat and tobias, the arabites, the ammonites, and the ammonites.

Nehemiah 4:8 they were together, and they were all together to go together to make the combation in jerusalem.

Nehemiah 4:9 we continued to pray and pray to our god, and we put guards against them day and night because of them.

Nehemiah 4:10 judas said, " the power of the enemies has cut down, and the stof is much, and we cannot build the muur. "

Nehemiah 4:11 thus our enemies said, ' they will not know and not see until we come in their middle and kill them and lead the work. '

Nehemiah 4:12 when the jewish people who lived among them came, they said to us, " from all the regions they will come to us. "

Nehemiah 4:13 " in the wilderness, in the leading places of the place, asleep of the muur, with their sword, their spies, and their bound.

Nehemiah 4:14 " i looked and saw, and i stood and said to the rulers, the magistrates, and the rest of the people, ' do not be afraid of them. remember the great and terrible god, and attake for your brothers, your sons, your daughters, your women, and your homes.

Nehemiah 4:15 when our enemies heard that we were known, god has destroyed their plan. then we all returned to the muur, each of us to his work.

Nehemiah 4:16 from that day the half of his offled were doing the work, and the half of them were speaking with spies, roubles, bound, and panics. the rulers followed the entire of the house of judah.

Nehemiah 4:17 the one of those who build the muur and those who carried the clothing with backs. with one hand they were practicing the work, and the other received the pick.

Nehemiah 4:18 the orders and the builders, each one, had his sword cinged around his heupe and built. the one who trumpet with the trumpet was ahead of him.

Nehemiah 4:19 " in the journey, i said to the rulers, the rulers, and the rest of the people, " the work is great and great, but we are dispersed on the wall from each other.

Nehemiah 4:20 in the place where you hear the round of the trumpet, you will gather together to us. our god will strike for us. "

Nehemiah 4:21 in the same way we also were practicing the work, and the half of them were trying in the message from the ahead of the morning until the stars came.

Nehemiah 4:22 in that time i also said to the people, ' stay along in jerusalem, so that the night may be a prison for us and on the day to work. "

Nehemiah 4:23 we and my officers, i and the people of the guard who followed me were not. each one of us had his clothes.

Nehemiah 5:1 now there was a great voice of the people and their wives against their brothers the jews.

Nehemiah 5:2 some were saying, " we have many our sons and daughters, so that we may receive bread, so that we may eat and live. "

Nehemiah 5:3 some were saying, " we proclaim our loaves, our vineyards, and our huusehold, so that we may receive wheat to eat. "

Nehemiah 5:4 some were saying, " we have laid greater silver for the tribution to the king for our loaves, our vineyards, and our hustoms.

Nehemiah 5:5 now our body is like the flesh of our brothers, our children are like their children, and look, we are contricted our sons and our daughters to be slaves. some of our daughters are contricted, and there is no power of our hands. our loaves and our vineyards are foreigly. "

Nehemiah 5:6 when i heard their cries and these words, i was greatly distressed when i heard their cries and these words.

Nehemiah 5:7 when i refused to consider me, i rebuked the rulers and the rulers and said to them, " you think each one against his brother. " so i assembled a great church against them.

Nehemiah 5:8 and i said to them, " we have possessed our brothers the jews who were selling to the gentiles by our riquent, but you will make your brothers to combation. " so they remained and found no message.

Nehemiah 5:9 then i said, " what you do is not good. will you not go in fear of our god because of the dishonor of the nations our enemies ?

Nehemiah 5:10 i and my brothers and my companions have given them silver and wheat. let us forgive this devotion.

Nehemiah 5:11 remain them today their camps, their vineyards, their olives, their huusehold, and their house, and remove of the silver, the wheat, the wine, and the olive oil you have brought to them. "

Nehemiah 5:12 they replied, " we will repay them, and we will not look from them. we will do just as you say. " then i called the priests and command them to do just as they were saying.

Nehemiah 5:13 then i stretched my clothing and said, " so god will scast out every man who does this message from his house and his work, so he must be divided and turned. " then the whole church said, " amen ! " so they praised the lord, and the people did according to this way.

Nehemiah 5:14 from the day he commanded me to be their ruler in the land of judah, from the thirty years until the thirty and two years of king artaxerxes, twelve years, i and my brothers were not eating their governor.

Nehemiah 5:15 the first guards who was before me were hard against them and received bread and wine from them along for forty silver coins. their servants were authorities over the people. but i did not do so because i were afraid of god.

Nehemiah 5:16 and i have formed it in the work of this muur, and we did not find a field, and my mind were gathered there to the work.

Nehemiah 5:17 and the jews, a hundred fifty man, and those who came to us from the nations around us, were on my table.

Nehemiah 5:18 each day was proclaimed : one beast, sex fearing sheep and boats were given for me, and after ten days i had all wine in abundance. but i did not look for the bread of the governor, because the servant was hard on this people.

Nehemiah 5:19 remember me, my god, for good for everything i have done to this people.

Nehemiah 6:1 now when sanballat, tobiah, gesem the arabier, and our rest, heard that i had built the muur and that there was no confusion, until that time i did not stand the gates in the city gates ),

Nehemiah 6:2 so sanballat and gesem sent to me to say, " come, let us assemble together in the village on the field of ono. " but they thought to make me evil.

Nehemiah 6:3 so i sent messengers on them to say, " i am doing a great work, and i cannot come down. why then the work will be rest when i have completed it and come down to you ? "

Nehemiah 6:4 on the same way they sent to me five times, and i sent them the same thing.

Nehemiah 6:5 so sanballat sent his servant to me, and he had a open letter in his hand.

Nehemiah 6:6 in it was written, " among the gentiles is heard that you and the jews thought to reject, because you build the muur, and you are their king.

Nehemiah 6:7 and you have proclaimed prophets to proclaim to you in jerusalem to say, ' there is a king in judah. ' now these things will be proclaimed to the king. come then and let us consider together. "

Nehemiah 6:8 then i sent to him, saying, " these things you say have not done, but you are going to deceive them from your heart. "

Nehemiah 6:9 for they were all fearing us, saying, " their hands will destroy from this work, so that it will not be done. but now strengthen my hands ! "

Nehemiah 6:10 so i went into the house of shemah, son of delaia, the son of mehetabel, and said, " let us gather into the house of god in the middle of him, and let us stop the door, because they come to murder you. "

Nehemiah 6:11 then i asked, " who is the man who will enter the house and live ? "

Nehemiah 6:12 i realized that god had not sent him, because he had speaking this prophecy against me, because tobias and sanballat had completed him.

Nehemiah 6:13 it was a crowd to fear so that i could fear and do so. then i would be their evil name so that they may insult me.

Nehemiah 6:14 remember, my god, to tobiah and sanballat according to these things, and to the prophet noadia, and to the rest of the prophets who were to fear me.

Nehemiah 6:15 the mur was fulfilled on fifty and fifth of the month elul, for fifty and two days.

Nehemiah 6:16 when our all enemies heard this, all the nations who were around us were afraid, they were terrified in their eyes, because they realized that this work was completed from our god.

Nehemiah 6:17 in those days the large of the large of judah went letters to tobias, and tobias came to them.

Nehemiah 6:18 for many in judah were prisoned with him, because he was a women of sechaniah the son of arah, and his son johanan had taken a daughter of mesullam, the son of berechia.

Nehemiah 6:19 they were speaking to him about his words, and my words were brought to him. tobias sent letters to fear me.

Nehemiah 7:1 when the muur was revealed, i made the door, and the poortiers, the giefers, and the lévites were completed.

Nehemiah 7:2 so i commanded my brother hanani and the ruler of the ruler to ananias, for he was a true man who feared god than many.

Nehemiah 7:3 then i said to them, " the gates of jerusalem must not be opened until the sun is passed, and while they are still alert, let the gates stone and seat. stand guards of the people of jerusalem, each one in his guard and each before his house. "

Nehemiah 7:4 the city was great and great, but there was great people, and the hustoms were not strengthened.

Nehemiah 7:5 then god ' s god gave me in my heart to gather the rulers, the rulers, and the people to command. i found the scroll of the genealogies of those who had come first, and i found in it written :

Nehemiah 7:6 these are the people of the province who went up of the captivition, the captive the king of babylon had brought captive, returned to jerusalem and to judah, each one to his town,

Nehemiah 7:7 with zerubbabel, jesua, nehemias, azarja, raamias, nahamamah, nahamanja, mardocheus, bilshach, esra, bigvai, nahum, baana, people of israel.

Nehemiah 7:8 the sons of paros, two hundred hundred seventy-two ;

Nehemiah 7:9 the sons of sefatja, 372 ;

Nehemiah 7:10 arah, sixt hundred fifty-two ;

Nehemiah 7:11 the sons of pahat-moab, the sons of jesua and joab, two 1,218,

Nehemiah 7:12 the sons of elam, a hundred two hundred fifty-four ;

Nehemiah 7:13 bani, two hundred fifty-five ;

Nehemiah 7:14 the sons of zachai, 760 ;

Nehemiah 7:15 bani ' s sons, 648 ;

Nehemiah 7:16 bebai ' s sons, 628 ;

Nehemiah 7:17 the sons of azgad, two hundred two hundred seventy-two ;

Nehemiah 7:18 the sons of adonikam, 667 ;

Nehemiah 7:19 the sons of bigvai, two thousand sexty-seven ;

Nehemiah 7:20 the sons of adin, six hundred fifty-five ;

Nehemiah 7:21 ater, of jehizkiah, 98,

Nehemiah 7:22 the sons of hasum, trecientos seventy-eight ;

Nehemiah 7:23 the sons of besai, trecientos seventy-four ;

Nehemiah 7:24 the people of harif, 112 ;

Nehemiah 7:25 the people of gibeon : 95 ;

Nehemiah 7:26 the people of bethlehem and netopha, 126,

Nehemiah 7:27 people of anathoth, 128,

Nehemiah 7:28 from beth-azmaveth, fiventy and two ;

Nehemiah 7:29 the people of kiriath-jearim, kefira and beeroth, 743,

Nehemiah 7:30 the people of rama and geba, seventy and sifty ;

Nehemiah 7:31 the people of michmas, 122 ;

Nehemiah 7:32 from bethhel and ai, 123,

Nehemiah 7:33 from the people of nebo, fifty and two ;

Nehemiah 7:34 the people of elam, a hundred two hundred fifty-four ;

Nehemiah 7:35 the people of harim : 320 ;

Nehemiah 7:36 the people of jericho : 345 ;

Nehemiah 7:37 lods, adid and ono, seven hundred and sifty ;

Nehemiah 7:38 the sons of senaa, 3930.

Nehemiah 7:39 the priests : jedaiah, of the house of jesua, nif hundred seventy-three ;

Nehemiah 7:40 the sons of immer, a hundred fifty-two ;

Nehemiah 7:41 the sons of pashur, a hundred two hundred four and seven ;

Nehemiah 7:42 the sons of harim, 112 ;

Nehemiah 7:43 of the people of levi : jesua and kadmiel, of the sons of hodavia, seventy-four.

Nehemiah 7:44 the zangers : the sons of asaf, 148.

Nehemiah 7:45 the portices : the sons of sallum, the sons of ater, the sons of talmon, the sons of akkub, the sons of hatita, 138.

Nehemiah 7:46 the nethinim : the sons of sihab, the sons of hasufha, the sons of tabbaoth,

Nehemiah 7:47 keros, sia, padon,

Nehemiah 7:48 lebana, hagaba, salmai,

Nehemiah 7:49 hanan, giddel, gahar,

Nehemiah 7:50 reaia, reson, nekoda,

Nehemiah 7:51 gazzam, uzzi, paseas,

Nehemiah 7:52 besai, meunim, nefusiim,

Nehemiah 7:53 bakbuk, hakufa, harhur,

Nehemiah 7:54 basloth, mehida, harsa,

Nehemiah 7:55 barkos, sisera, thama,

Nehemiah 7:56 neciah, hatifa.

Nehemiah 7:57 the children of the servant of salomon : sotai, sofereth, peruda,

Nehemiah 7:58 jaala, darkon, giddel,

Nehemiah 7:59 sefatías, hatiel, pocheret-sebaim, amon,

Nehemiah 7:60 the temple temple of nethinim and the sons of the slaves of solomon were five hundred noventy-two.

Nehemiah 7:61 these were the people who went up from tel-melah, tel-harsa, kerub, adron and immer, but they could not report their families or their descendants if they were from israel :

Nehemiah 7:62 the sons of delaia, the sons of tobia, the sons of nekoda, seventy and forty-two ;

Nehemiah 7:63 from the priests : habaiah, akoz, barzillai, who had married a woman from the daughters of barzillai the gileadit and was called to name to them.

Nehemiah 7:64 these people were seeking their own conscriptions, but did not be found. so they were taken away from the priesthood.

Nehemiah 7:65 the governor said not to eat from the most holy place until a priest stood up to urim and tummim.

Nehemiah 7:66 the whole group of them were about four thousand two hundred seventy-sixty,

Nehemiah 7:67 except their servants and slaves, who were seven thousand two hundred thirty and seven ; they were two hundred and fifty canters.

Nehemiah 7:68 seventy hundred seventy-six women, two hundred fifty and fifty,

Nehemiah 7:69 435 kamels, sex thousand seven hundred hundred and six.

Nehemiah 7:70 some of the families ' families gave it to the work. the governor gave a treasure of thousand gold, fifty for fifty, and thirty officers of priests.

Nehemiah 7:71 some of the families believed in the treasure of the work two thousand silver things and two mii two hundred mines for silver.

Nehemiah 7:72 the rest of the people gave two thousand gold, two hundred mines silver silver, and seventy-seven thousand silver coins.

Nehemiah 7:73 then the priests, the lévites, the poortyers, the canders, some of the people, the nethinim, and the whole israel stood in their towns. when the seventh month came, the israelites were in their towns.

Nehemiah 8:1 then all the people gathered together like a one man at the bread that was before the water of water, and they said to esra the expert in the law to bring the scroll of moses ' law that the lord had given to israel.

Nehemiah 8:2 on the first day of the seventh month, the priest esra brought the law before the church, both men and women, and all who were able to understand.

Nehemiah 8:3 then the man, the women, and those who were understood in it was leading from the hour until the next day, before men and women and those who were understood. the ears of the whole people had heard to the scroll of the law.

Nehemiah 8:4 then esra the expert in the law stood on a tree of tree. at him stood at his right hand mattitias, semaja, ananias, urija, hilkia, and maaseja, at his right hand. at his left was pedaja, misael, malchiias, hasam, hasbadddana, zechariah, and mesullam.

Nehemiah 8:5 then esra opened the scroll before the whole people, because he was greater than all the people. when he opened it, all the people stood up.

Nehemiah 8:6 then esra blessed the lord god, the great god, and all the people replied, " amen, amen ! " then they worshiped and worshiped the lord with his face to the ground.

Nehemiah 8:7 now jehosuah, benaia, and serabja were instructing the people to the law, but the people were standing in his place.

Nehemiah 8:8 they leased it from the book of the law of god and instructed the instruction, so that the people understood what they were known.

Nehemiah 8:9 then nehemias, the priest, and the expert in the law, and the levits who instructed the people said to the whole people, " this day is holy for the lord your god. do not weep and weep not ! " for all the people weeped when they heard the words of the law.

Nehemiah 8:10 and he said to them, " go, eat food and drink food, and send part to those who have nothing, for the day is holy for our lord. do not divorce, because it is your strength. "

Nehemiah 8:11 so the lévites treated all the people, saying, " be silent, because the day is holy. do not destroy. "

Nehemiah 8:12 then all the people went to eat, drink, to send part, to make great joy, because they had known the words they had revealed them.

Nehemiah 8:13 the second day the families of the families of the whole people, the priests and the lévites together to esra the experts in the law to understand the words of the law.

Nehemiah 8:14 they found in the law that the lord had commanded through moses, that the israelites could live in tents on the feast of the seventh month.

Nehemiah 8:15 and they were instructed with trumpet in all their towns and in jerusalem, saying, " go out to the mountain, and bring its listens of olives, folds of olives, branches of palm, folds of palm crowns, to make loaves as it is written. "

Nehemiah 8:16 then the people went out and brought and made homes for themselves, each one on his table, in their loaves, in the courts of the house of god, and on the street of the city of ephraim.

Nehemiah 8:17 the whole group of those who had returned from the captivity made looks and assit in tents. for from the days of joshua, the son of nun, until that day, the people did not do it. so there was great joy.

Nehemiah 8:18 so from the first day until the last day they learned from the book of the law of god, from the first day until the last day. they celebred a feast for seven days, and on the eighth day were a feast, according to the law.

Nehemiah 9:1 on the thirty and four day of this month, the israelites gathered together in faste and in sackcloth.

Nehemiah 9:2 so the people of israel were sailed from all the extrancy, stood up and confessed their sins and the transgressions of their ancestors.

Nehemiah 9:3 then they stood in their place and leased it from the book of the law of the lord their god, and as they confessed the lord and worshiped the lord their god.

Nehemiah 9:4 then jesua, bani, kadmiel, sebaniah, bunni, serebja, bunni, bani, kenani, stood on the region of the levits and cried out with a loud voice to the lord their god.

Nehemiah 9:5 then the levits, jesua, kadmiel, bani, hoshebja, hoshebja, hoshebja, hoshebja, hoshebja, hoshebja, hoshebina.

Nehemiah 9:6 you, lord, are only. you have made heaven, heaven of heaven, and all their group, the earth and everything that is in it, the sea and everything that is in them, and you live all things, and the exerction of heaven worship to you.

Nehemiah 9:7 you are the lord god who chosen abram and led him out of ur the chaldeans, and you gave him the name of abraham.

Nehemiah 9:8 you found his heart believers before you and you made a covenant with him to give his descendants the land of the cananeans, the hetians, the amoreens, the perizites, the jebuseans, and girgaseth. you have confirmed your message, because you are righteous.

Nehemiah 9:9 you saw the affliction of our ancestors in egypt and heard their cries on the red sea.

Nehemiah 9:10 you did miraculous signs and miraculous signs against pharaoh, on all his servants and on all the people of his country, because you knew they were arrogant against them, and you have made a name to you, as it is now.

Nehemiah 9:11 you spread the sea before them, and they passed through the face of the sea in trouble, but you put those who persecuted them throw into the put, like a stone in much water.

Nehemiah 9:12 you lead them day in a cloud of dark and at the night in a fiery stone, to light to them the way where they were to go.

Nehemiah 9:13 you went down on the mountain of sinai and spoke to them from heaven and gave them righteous judgments, truth, instructions, and commandments good.

Nehemiah 9:14 you made known your holy sabbath to them, and you gave them commandments, instance, and law through your servant moses.

Nehemiah 9:15 then you gave them bread from heaven because they were thirsty, and you brought them water from rock because they were thirsty, and you told them to enter the land that you ordered to give them.

Nehemiah 9:16 but they and our ancestors became arrogant. they endured their neck and did not obey your commandments.

Nehemiah 9:17 they were recognized to listen, and they did not remember your wonders you had done with them. they endured their nakk and put a household to return to their service in egypt. but you were a clear and mercy god, patient and great mercy, patient and great mercy, yet you did not forgive them.

Nehemiah 9:18 they did also make a little kalf and said, ' this is your god who led you out of egypt ! ' and they did great blaspheme.

Nehemiah 9:19 yet by your great mercy you did not forgive them in the wilderness. the cloud of dark did not leave them from day to lead them on the road, or the fiery colom night to light for them on the way where they were going to go.

Nehemiah 9:20 you gave your good spirit to understand them, and you did not strengthen your manna from their mouth, and you gave them water because they were thirsty.

Nehemiah 9:21 you have destroyed them for five years in the wilderness, they did not find nothing, their clothes were not weared, and their feet were not destroyed.

Nehemiah 9:22 you gave them kingdom and peoples, and you divided them. they possessed the land of sihon, the king of hesbon, and the land of og king of basan.

Nehemiah 9:23 you have multiplied their sons like the stars in heaven and brought them into the land about which you promised to their ancestors that they would receive it in possession.

Nehemiah 9:24 so the people went out and put the inhabitants of the land in their presence, the cananeo. you gave them in their hand, both their kings, their kings, and the peoples of the earth to do with them as they placed.

Nehemiah 9:25 they possessed force towns and high towns and possessed towns full of all good, covering cisters, vineyard, olives, and various trees in abundance. they ate and were satisfied, and were satisfied by your great good boness.

Nehemiah 9:26 but they were rebelled and rebelled against you, they throwed your law after their body and killed your prophets who testified against them to return them to you. they did great blaspheme.

Nehemiah 9:27 so you gave them in the hand of their enemies, who afflicted them. but when they in their bender cried to you, you heard from heaven and because of your great mercy you gave them savior who saved them from their enemies.

Nehemiah 9:28 but when they required, they returned to do what is evil in your eyes. then you left them in the hand of their enemies and they insulted them. but when they turned to you again, you heard from heaven and living them many times in your mercy.

Nehemiah 9:29 you testified to them to turn them back to your law, but they were distressed and did not obey your commandments, but they sinned against your commandements, because the person who perform them will live by them. they put the district of disobedience and endured their hals, but they did not listen to it.

Nehemiah 9:30 many years you looked against them and testified to them by your spirit through your prophets, but they did not listen to them. so you gave them in the hands of the nations of the earth.

Nehemiah 9:31 but by your great mercy you did not finish them, and you did not forgive them, because you are a clearly and mercy god.

Nehemiah 9:32 now now, our god, you great, great and terrible god, who keep the covenant and mercy. let not all the plague that has found us, our kings, our rulers, our priests, our prophets, our prophets, our ancestors, our prophets, our prophets, our ancestors, our prophets, our ancestors, our ancestors, our ancestors, our ancestors, our ancestors, our ancestors, and all your people from the days of the kings of assyrien until this day.

Nehemiah 9:33 you are righteous in everything that came against us, because you have done the truth, but we have committed sin.

Nehemiah 9:34 our kings, our rulers, our priests, our ancestors, our ancestors and our ancestors did not obey your law and your testimony that you testified against them.

Nehemiah 9:35 they were in your kingdom and in your great goodness that you gave them, in a great and distressed land that you gave them, they did not serve you and did not turn back from their evil deeds.

Nehemiah 9:36 look, we are now slaves and the land you gave to our ancestors to eat its fruit.

Nehemiah 9:37 for the sins that you gave us over our sins because of our sins, and they practice our body and our beast according to their will, and we are in great affliction. "

Nehemiah 9:38 in all these things we have instructed faith and write it, and our rulers, our levies, our priests, sealed it.

Nehemiah 10:1 even on the seal of the sealed, nehemias, the son of hachalia, and zedekiah,

Nehemiah 10:2 john, the son of seraja, azarja, jirmeah,

Nehemiah 10:3 pashur, amarja, malchiah,

Nehemiah 10:4 hath, hatha, malluk,

Nehemiah 10:5 merim, meremoth, obadja,

Nehemiah 10:6 daniel, ginton, baruch,

Nehemiah 10:7 mesullam, abija, mijamim,

Nehemiah 10:8 marin, maazja, bilgai. these were the priests.

Nehemiah 10:9 the levitians : jesua, the son of azania, binnui from the sons of henadad, kadmiel,

Nehemiah 10:10 sebanja, hodiya, kelita, pelaja, hanan,

Nehemiah 10:11 micha, rehob, hasabja,

Nehemiah 10:12 howew, zakhar, serebja, sebanias,

Nehemiah 10:13 hodia, hodia, bani, bani.

Nehemiah 10:14 the rulers of the people : paros, pahat-moab, elam, zattu, bani,

Nehemiah 10:15 hodija, azgad, bebai,

Nehemiah 10:16 adonia, bigvai, adin,

Nehemiah 10:17 ater, hezeja, azur,

Nehemiah 10:18 hodiya, hasum, besai,

Nehemiah 10:19 harif, anathoth, nebai,

Nehemiah 10:20 names of magpias, mesullam, hezir,

Nehemiah 10:21 meszebel, zadok, jaddua,

Nehemiah 10:22 joacim, pelatja, hanan, anaja,

Nehemiah 10:23 hosea, hananja, hassub,

Nehemiah 10:24 in the distriction of hares, pilha, sobek,

Nehemiah 10:25 from the gifts of rehum, hasabna, maaseja,

Nehemiah 10:26 abarim, ajia, hanan, anan,

Nehemiah 10:27 hanan, harim, baana,

Nehemiah 10:28 in the number of the orders, the rest of the people, the priests, the lévites, the poortiers, the canderers, the nethinim, and all who went from the nations of the nations to the law of god, their women, their sons, their daughters, all who were able to know and understand,

Nehemiah 10:29 they were strengthened together in the order of their brothers and sisters, and they went in practice and praise to go according to the law of god that was given through moses, the servant of god, and to obey and accomplite all the commandments of our lord, our lord, his commandments, and his commandments.

Nehemiah 10:30 not to give our daughters to the peoples of the earth and not take their daughters to our sons.

Nehemiah 10:31 if the people of the earth, who bring the food and every accusation on the sabbath day to repay it, we should not see from them on the sabbath or on the holy day, but in the seventh year we will put up in the seventh year and the bear of every hand.

Nehemiah 10:32 we should every year make a tree of a sicel in every year for the service of our god ' s house.

Nehemiah 10:33 in the service of the offering offering, for the daily sacrifice, to the learing sacrifice, for the sabbath, nears days, for the feast of the feast, to the sanctuary, and for the sacrifices for sin, to make soning for israel, and for all the works of the house of our god.

Nehemiah 10:34 we, the priests, the lévites, and the people caught to bring in the house of our god, for the house of our ancestors, for years for years after year, for the house of our god, to arder it on the altar of the lord our god, as it is written in the law.

Nehemiah 10:35 we should every year bring in the temple of the lord the best of our ground and the first produce of every tree of every tree, to the house of the lord.

Nehemiah 10:36 as it is written in the law, in the house of our god, to the priests who serve in the house of our god, as it is written in the law, and the eerstgebores of our hors and our sheep to bring into the house of our god, to the priests who serve in the temple of our god.

Nehemiah 10:37 we will give to the priests in the temple of our god the tighty of our ground, our ground, and the fruit of every tree, wine and olje we will bring to the priests in the offering of the temple of our god, and the tighth of our earth to the lévites. they also, the lévites, bear tighty in all the towns of our slaves.

Nehemiah 10:38 when the priesting of aaron, the son of aaron, will be with the lévites in the tighth of the lévites, and the lévites will bring the tighth of the tighty offering to the house of our god in the offerings of the temple of god.

Nehemiah 10:39 we will be in order that the people of israel and the people of levi will bring the offering of the wheat, most, and olive oil. there are the powers of the sanctuary, the priests who serve, the poortiers, and the canders. we will not forgive the house of our god.

Nehemiah 11:1 the rulers of the people sitting in jerusalem, but the rest of the people gathered the lots to bring one of the ten to stay in jerusalem, the holy city, and three parts in the towns.

Nehemiah 11:2 then the people blessed all the men who believed to stay in jerusalem.

Nehemiah 11:3 these are the rulers of the province who lived in jerusalem. but in the towns of judah, each one in his possession, in their towns, the people of israel, the priests, the lévites, the nethinees, and the sons of the slaves of solomon.

Nehemiah 11:4 now in jerusalem were sitting among the people of judah and benjamin. from the people of judah, ataja, son of hazaja, son of zechariah, son of sefatiah, son of mahalalel, from the sons of perez,

Nehemiah 11:5 and maaseja, the son of baruch, the son of chalaza, the son of uzzia, the son of adaja, the son of jojarib, the son of secharja, the son of silo.

Nehemiah 11:6 all the sons of peres who remained in jerusalem were four hundred sexty-eight officers.

Nehemiah 11:7 and these were the sons of benjamin : sallum, the son of mesullam, the son of joad, son of pedaja, son of kolaja, son of ethiel, son of jesia,

Nehemiah 11:8 after him gabbai and sallai, nif hundred and sifty.

Nehemiah 11:9 joel, the son of zikri, was their officier, and juda the son of senuah was the second officer of the city.

Nehemiah 11:10 from the priests : jedaja, the son of jojarib, jachin,

Nehemiah 11:11 seraja, son of hilkia, son of mesullam, son of zadok, son of merajot, son of ahitub, was enside of the house of god.

Nehemiah 11:12 and their brothers, who practiced the work of the house of amasai, son of zechariah, son of passhur, son of malchija,

Nehemiah 11:13 the people of the familes : two hundred and foventy-two, and amasah, the son of azriel.

Nehemiah 11:14 and their brothers, large held, were a hundred and twenty-eight. their officer was zabdiel, son of zabdiel.

Nehemiah 11:15 from the lévites : semaja, the son of hassub, the son of zichri,

Nehemiah 11:17 mattaniah, the son of micha, and obed, the son of simei.

Nehemiah 11:18 two hundrees and foventy-four ;

Nehemiah 11:19 the poortiers : akkub, talmon, and their brothers, the poortiers, a hundred seventy-two.

Nehemiah 11:22 the governor of levi, the son of bani, the son of uzzi, the son of hasabja, the son of micha, the son of micha, from the sons of asaf, who canged for the work of the temple of god.

Nehemiah 11:23 for the commandment of the king was against them.

Nehemiah 11:24 patachia, the son of meschesabel, the son of juda, was proclaimed to the king in every order of the people.

Nehemiah 11:25 and to the villages in their country, and from the people of judah they stayed in kiriath-arba,

Nehemiah 11:26 and in jesus,

Nehemiah 11:27 and in bath-seba,

Nehemiah 11:30 their villages had lachis and its regions, and they accamped bahar-sheba.

Nehemiah 11:31 and the people of benjamin were from ghiba and mikmas,

Nehemiah 11:36 some of the leavs were fellowship of judah and benjamin.

Nehemiah 12:1 these are the priests and the lévites who went up with serubbabel, the son of shealtiel, and with jesua : seraja, jirmeah, esra,

Nehemiah 12:2 amaria, malluk,

Nehemiah 12:3 shechaja, shechaja,

Nehemiah 12:7 these were the rulers of the priests and their brothers in the time of josua.

Nehemiah 12:8 the levites were : jesua, binnui, cadmiel, serebja, judah, mattaniah, was over the household, he and his brothers.

Nehemiah 12:9 on the regionity,

Nehemiah 12:10 jesua the father of jojakim, jojakim the father of eliasib, eljasib the father of jojada,

Nehemiah 12:11 jojada the father of jonatan, jonathan the father of jaddua,

Nehemiah 12:12 in the days of joiachim, his brothers, the families of the families : of seraja, meraja, for jirmeah, hananja,

Nehemiah 12:13 for ezra, mesullam ; for amarja, johanan ;

Nehemiah 12:14 from malluk, jonathan ; for sebaniah, joseph ;

Nehemiah 12:15 from harim, adna ; for merajot, helkai ;

Nehemiah 12:16 from iddo, zechariah ; for ginneton, mesullam ;

Nehemiah 12:17 from abija, zikri ; for minjamin, piltai ;

Nehemiah 12:18 from bilga, shemaja ; for semaja, jonathan ;

Nehemiah 12:19 from jojarib, mattenai ; for jedaja, ussi ;

Nehemiah 12:20 from sallai, kallai ; for amok, eber ;

Nehemiah 12:21 from hilkia, hasabja ; for jedaja, nethanael.

Nehemiah 12:22 in the days of elijasib, jojada, johanan, and jadduah, the families of the familes, and the priests until the kingdom of darius the perse.

Nehemiah 12:23 the familes of levi, the families of the familes, were written in the letter of the cronies until the time of johanan, the son of eliasib.

Nehemiah 12:24 the rulers of the levits were hashabija, serebja, jesua, the son of kadmiel, and their brothers and sisters stood before them to praise and to praise, according to the commandment of david the man of god.

Nehemiah 12:25 when i gathered the porteers,

Nehemiah 12:26 in the days of joiakim, the son of jesua, the son of josadak, and in the days of nehemiah, the expert in the law.

Nehemiah 12:27 now in the innoundation of the city of jerusalem they were seeking the lévites in all their tousehold, to bring them to jerusalem to make the dedice of the dedication with joy, citters, citters, and harpas.

Nehemiah 12:28 then the sons of the zangers gathered together from the region around jerusalem, from the regions of netofates,

Nehemiah 12:29 from the country and from the country, for the canters were built for themselves in jerusalem.

Nehemiah 12:30 then the priests and the levies were cleansed, and they purified the people, the gates, and the muur.

Nehemiah 12:31 then i brought the rulers of judah up on the muur, and i placed two high practices of praise, and went on the right side on the muur of misth.

Nehemiah 12:32 after them went hosaah and the half of the rulers of judah,

Nehemiah 12:33 azarja, esra, mesullam,

Nehemiah 12:34 judah, benjamin, semaja, jirmeah,

Nehemiah 12:35 from the priests ' s sons with trumpet : zechariah, son of jonatan, son of semaja, son of mattanias, son of michah, son of zakkur, son of asaf,

Nehemiah 12:36 and his brothers, semaja and uzziel. they began to praise with the gights of david the man of god, and esra the experts in the law before them.

Nehemiah 12:37 they went up to the field of the well, before them, they went up to the wall of the city of david, on the side of the muur from the house of david to the water of water to the east.

Nehemiah 12:38 the second loast went outside against them, and i followed him, with the half of the people, on the muur, above the gathering, until the bread wall.

Nehemiah 12:39 and over the ephraim ' s city, the new port, the fish of fish, the torre of hananeel, and the torre of hananeel, and from the torre of the sheep. they stood at the prison of the prison.

Nehemiah 12:40 so the two lovers of praise stood in the house of god, and i and the half of the soldiers with me

Nehemiah 12:41 the priests eliakim, maaseja, benjamin, michaah, elioenai, zechariah, ananias, with trumpet,

Nehemiah 12:42 and maaseja, semaja, eleazar, ussi, johanan, malchija, elam and ezer. the zangers were heard together.

Nehemiah 12:43 in that day they sacrificed great sacrifice and were glad, because god was joining great joy over them. even the women and children were glad, and the joy in jerusalem was heard far from a distance.

Nehemiah 12:44 in that day some people were over the offerings, the offering offerings, the tighty offerings, the tighty offerings, the tighty offerings and the tighty offerings, so that in them they gathered the fellowship for the priests and the lévites, because the people of judah were great joy over the priests and the levits who were standing there.

Nehemiah 12:45 they obeyed the guard of their god and the guard for the purification, along with the zangers and powers according to the commandment of david and his son solomon.

Nehemiah 12:46 for in the days of david and asaf, the leaders of the giefs, were praise and praise to god.

Nehemiah 12:47 in the days of serubbabel and serubbabel ' s days, they gave the pay of the canders and the poortiers, each day for each day. they offered the sanctuary to the levits, and the levits offered the sanctuary to the sons of aaron.

Nehemiah 13:1 at that day it was leading in the book of moses in the presence of the people, and there was found written that ammonites and moab would not enter the church of god until ever,

Nehemiah 13:2 because they did not come to meet the israelites with bread or water, but conducted bileam against them to praise them, but our god rejected the fluck into blessing.

Nehemiah 13:3 when they heard the law, they seized all the devoted people in israel.

Nehemiah 13:4 before this was the priest eljasib, a prisoner of tobias, the household of our god ' s temple.

Nehemiah 13:5 he made for him a great kammer where there was first given the sacrifice of the sacrifice, the incense, the vatters, the tighth of the wheat, the most, and the olive oil, the command of the lévites, the sangers, the poortiers, and the offering offering for the priests.

Nehemiah 13:6 but in all these things i was not in jerusalem, because in the thirty-second years of king artaxerxes i came to the king. after some days i asked from the king.

Nehemiah 13:7 when i came to jerusalem, i realized the evil deed eliasib had done for tobias to make a offering in the cures of the house of god.

Nehemiah 13:8 i became great encouraged, and i threw all the powers of tobias ' s house outside from the offering.

Nehemiah 13:9 then i said to purify the offerings, and then i revealed there the powers of the house of god, the sacrifice of the sacrifice and the incense.

Nehemiah 13:10 so i realized that the division of the leviatians had not been given to them, so that each of the lévites and the sangers who were doing the work were flow each one to his country.

Nehemiah 13:11 then i rebuked the governor and asked, " why is the house of god rejected ? " then i gathered them and gathered them in their place.

Nehemiah 13:12 then all the people of judah brought the tighty of the fever, the wine, and the olive oil.

Nehemiah 13:13 and i spoke to selemja the priest, sadoc the experts in the law, and pedaja from the leviatians, and on their hand was hanan, the son of zakkur, the son of mattanias, for they were counted believers, and they were divided to their brothers.

Nehemiah 13:14 remember me, my god, by this, and do not destroy my mercy that i have done for the temple of my god.

Nehemiah 13:15 in those days i saw in judah those who were truling the winepress on the sabbath, bringing garns, planted on the esels, wine, drugs, figs, and every carge. they brought them to jerusalem on the sabbath day, and i testified to them on the day they were laid.

Nehemiah 13:16 now the people there were sitting. they brought fish and every plan and vended on the sabbath to the people of judah and in jerusalem.

Nehemiah 13:17 then i gathered the free people of judah and said to them, " what is this evil thing you do, profaning the sabbath day ?

Nehemiah 13:18 did your ancestors did this, and our god brought all this evil on us and on this city ? but do you increase the anger on israel, profaning the sabbath. "

Nehemiah 13:19 now when they had completed the gates of jerusalem before the sabbath, i ordered the gates and ordered them not to be opened until the sabbath came. i put some of my servants before the gates so that they could not take anything on the sabbath day.

Nehemiah 13:20 so all the officers and the officers were divided outside jerusalem, one and two.

Nehemiah 13:21 i testified to them and said to them, " why are you passing before the muur ? if you take this second time, i will extend my hand on you ! " from that time they did not come on a sabbath.

Nehemiah 13:22 then i said to the levits to be purified and coming to guard the gates to sanctifiy the sabbath day. therefore remember me, my god, and forgive me according to your great mercy.

Nehemiah 13:23 in those days i saw the jews who had married asdod, ammonitische, moabitians,

Nehemiah 13:24 the half of their sons were speaking asdod, but they were not knowing to speak in jews.

Nehemiah 13:25 then i rebuked them and prailed them, and i struck some of them, hard them and swear them by god, saying, " do not give your daughters to their sons or receive some of their daughters for your sons or for your sons.

Nehemiah 13:26 was not this man who sinned solomon, the king of israel ? there was there not a king like him among many nations. he was loved of his god, and god gave him to be king over all israel. yet even him the other women did away.

Nehemiah 13:27 and if you would listen to you to do all this evil things to defile against our god, marriing others women ? "

Nehemiah 13:28 some of the sons of jojada, the son of elijasib the high priest, was the bridegroom of sanballat the horonian. i taken him out from me.

Nehemiah 13:29 remember them, my god, because they have destroyed the priesthood and the covenant of the priesthood and the lévites !

Nehemiah 13:30 so i purified them from all the foreigners, and i made the officers of the priests and the lévites, each one according to his work.

Nehemiah 13:31 the offering offering of the trees was in the time of some time and in the backs. remember me, our god, so that it may be good, and all the people of israel in the days of serubbabel and the door of the door for every day. and they give the offerings to the levits, and the levits gave the sanctuary to the sons of aaron.

Esther 1:1 in the time of ahasverus, the ahasverus, who was the ahasverus from india in india indiviness, a hundred and seventy-seven provinces ),

Esther 1:2 in the time when king ahasverus was seed in the city ' s region susa,

Esther 1:3 in his third years he made a food for all his rulers and officers of the province of persien and medias, the rulers of the council, and the rulers of the province of the province.

Esther 1:4 he revealed for them the wealth of his kingdom and the glorious glory of his wealth for many days, a hundred and forty-foventy days.

Esther 1:5 when the time were completed, the king made a banquet for all the people who were found in the city, for sex days in the courtyard of the palace of the king.

Esther 1:6 they were dressed with fine linen and purple cords with marmor of fine linen and purple clothing on golden and silver coins. there were cloaks of gold and silver on marmor of marmor, marmor, and marmor, and marmor.

Esther 1:7 there was a golden clothing of gold and of silver coins, and there was a large wine of wine, and there was a great wine of wine.

Esther 1:8 the drink drink was not according to the law, for the king ordered all his managers to do every person according to his will.

Esther 1:9 even the koningin vasti gave a banquet to the women in the palace of king ahasveres.

Esther 1:10 on the seventh day, when the heart of the king was glad, he said to mehuman, biztha, harbona, bigtha, abagtha, abagtha, zetcas, and karcas, the seven eunuchs who ministrayed before king ahasverus,

Esther 1:11 to bring the koningin, the koningin, and the diadem part around her, so that she could show the nations and the rulers her glory, because she was greater.

Esther 1:12 but the koningin vasti did not listen to him to come with the eunuchs. then the king became indignly, and he became anger.

Esther 1:13 so he said to his friends, as these things, and said to wash, " hold the law and judgment about this. "

Esther 1:14 then the rulers of persien and meddon, the rulers of persien and medias who were present before the king, came to him.

Esther 1:15 what should be according to the law to astin the ester, because she did not obey the presmand of the king ahasverus through the eunuchs ? "

Esther 1:16 then memuchan said to the king and the rulers, " the koningin vasti has not sinned against the king but against all the rulers and against all the people in all the province of ahasveretus.

Esther 1:17 for ahasverus reported to them the respect of ahasveres, the province of ahasverus was performed to king.

Esther 1:18 now this reason the transgressions of persien and medias, when they hear about the things of the king, they will rebuild their husbands and dishonor.

Esther 1:19 if it is pleasing to the king, he should provide a province of province and must be written before him in the law of medias and persien, so that neither should ever enter him, and let the king give her kingdom to a woman who is better than she is.

Esther 1:20 and when the law that the king instructed will be heard in all his kingdom. and if it is great, all the women will give honor to their husbands, both great and rich. "

Esther 1:21 the message placed to the king and the rulers, and the king accomplete the promise of memucan.

Esther 1:22 so the man sent out into all the province of the kingdom, according to their brief, so that there were fear for them in their homes.

Esther 2:1 after these things, when the wrath of king ahasverus had been revealed, he remembered astin and what he had done and what he had condemned for her.

Esther 2:2 the officers of the king who served the king said, " let he look for the king for a jew little girl.

Esther 2:3 then the king will put a officer in all the provinces of his kingdom to gath, to the city of hegai, the city ' s eunuch hegai, the officer of the women, the guard of the king, the officer of the women, who is the guard of the women.

Esther 2:4 and the woman who will please the king will be reigned for vasth ' s place. " this things was pleased to the king, and he did so.

Esther 2:5 in the city of susa was a jew named mordechai, son of jair, son of simeon, son of kis, from the tribe of benjamin.

Esther 2:6 ( this was the one who was captive from jerusalem, whom nebukadnessar, the king of babylon, had brought captive.

Esther 2:7 she had his brother amminadab ' s daughter, whose name was esther. when her parents and his parents left her, she casted her to her wife and her child.

Esther 2:8 now when the instruction of the king was heard, many girl gathered together in susa, in the hand of hegai, in the hand of hegai, and she brought it before hegai, the guard of the women.

Esther 2:9 the girl was pleasing for him and found the grace before him. then she explained to give her the scroll and his part, and he gave her the seven powerful girls from the kingdom of the king, and rejected her with her wife in the palace of the women.

Esther 2:10 ester did not show her people or her family, for mardocheus had commanded him not to tell it.

Esther 2:11 both mardocheus walked according to the palace of the woman so that he could know what ester and what it was done.

Esther 2:12 now in the time of a girl went to the king ahasverear when she was completed two months, for so the days of their household were fulfilled : sex months clothing with myrrhe oil and sex months with aromatic things and practices of women.

Esther 2:13 then she went to the king, and was given to her whatever she asked, to go with her from the house of the woman until the palace.

Esther 2:14 on the next day she went and on the next day he went to the other women, where ai, the eunuch of the king, the guard of the women, and she did not come again to the king except he was called to be called him.

Esther 2:15 when ester, the daughter of woman, the eunuch, the officer of the women, had completed to go to the king, she did not take anything of what the eunuch, the eunuch, the officer of the women, had commanded him. for esther was found favor for all who saw her.

Esther 2:16 ester came to king ahasverus on the yeventh month, that is the month adar, in the seventh year of his kingdom.

Esther 2:17 then the king rebuked ester and found more favor than all the virgins, and placed the diadem on her for the wife.

Esther 2:18 then the king explained a food for all his rulers and authorities. he explained ester and gave explaince to the province of his kingdom.

Esther 2:19 so mardocheus was healed in the courtyard of the courtyard.

Esther 2:20 ester did not show her family or her hometown, just as mardocheus had commanded him. she did follow his instructions, just as she had been with him.

Esther 2:21 so the two eunuques, the king ' s eunuchs, bigtan and teres, two eunuchs of the king, were distressed and were trying to kill king ahasverus.

Esther 2:22 when mordechai heard this, she gave it to ester, and ester gave this letter to the king.

Esther 2:23 when it had been revealed, it was revealed, and the two eunuchs were thrown up. it was written in the scroll in the province of the king.

Esther 3:1 after this king ahasveres glorified haman, amadatha, the bugeer, and exalted him. he was the best of all his friends.

Esther 3:2 and all those in the courtyard, who were in the courtyard, worshiped him, for so the king had commanded him. but mardocheus was not worshiped him.

Esther 3:3 so the people who were in the palace of the king said to mary, " why do you destroy the commandment of the king ? "

Esther 3:4 after each day they were speaking to him, but he did not listen to them. then they revealed to haman that mordechai was instructed with his words. so he revealed to them that he was a jew.

Esther 3:5 when haman realized that mordechai had not worshiped him, he became indignant.

Esther 3:6 he decided to destroy the jews all the province of king ahasverus.

Esther 3:7 on the month that is the month adar, in the twelve years, that is the month adar, in the twelve years, that is the month adar, in the twelve day of the month, that is the month adar.

Esther 3:8 then haman said to king ahasveres, " there is a nation dispersed and dispersed among the nations in all the province of your kingdom. their instructs are different than all the other people, and they do not obey the law of the king. so it is not right to the king to destroy them.

Esther 3:9 if it is good to the king, he must defense them to destroy, and i will put in the officers of the king four hundred talents silver coins.

Esther 3:10 then the king threw his ring off and gave it to haman, hammedatan son, the jewish leaders.

Esther 3:11 then the king said to haman, " the money must have, and do the nation as you want. "

Esther 3:12 then the regious officiers of the king were called on the thirth month on the thirth month, and they wrote according to the order of haman, to the magistrates of the province, to the rulers of the province, to the province of the nations, according to their own leal and their own leaders according to the law of king ahasverus.

Esther 3:13 he was sent in a scroll in the province of king ahasverus to destroy the people of the jews on the first day, the twelve month of adar, to destroy their possessions and their possessions.

Esther 3:14 the scripture of the letter was instructed in every province and appeared to all the nations to be ready for this day.

Esther 3:15 the opportunity was divided and in susa. the king and haman were troubled, but the city was troubled.

Esther 4:1 when mardocheus knew everything that had happened, he tore his clothes, dressed around on a sack clothing, and went through the city ' s street and shouted with a loud voice.

Esther 4:2 so he came to the city ' s port, for it was not lawful to enter the courtyard in a sack clothing.

Esther 4:3 and in every province where the letters were explained, were weeping, mourning, and great mourning among the jews. they placed the sack sack and bask for the jews.

Esther 4:4 when the girelds of the ester and the eunuchs came and reported this to her. when mardocheus heard what had happened, she sent clothing to put mardoches and to take his sack sack off him. but she did not receive it.

Esther 4:5 then esther called hatach, her eunuchs, who stood before her, and sent him to report the locuck from mardocheus.

Esther 4:7 so mardocheus told him everything that had happened, and promised the promise that haman had promised to the guard of the king for destruction of the jews.

Esther 4:8 he gave him the scroll of the scroll that had been prepared in susa for their destruction, so that she could show ester and give her instruction to go in the king to ask for her people and pray him for his people.

Esther 4:9 hatac went and reported mardochai these words of ester.

Esther 4:10 then esther said to hatach, " bring this to mary, "

Esther 4:11 " all the people of the people of the province of the kingdom and the regions of the kingdom know that if a man or woman can enter the king into the inner court courts, there will be saved. but i am not called to enter the king - there are thirty days. "

Esther 4:12 when mordechai reported the words of ester,

Esther 4:13 then mardocheus said to hatach, " do not want that you will be enough in the kingdom of the kingdom than all the jews. "

Esther 4:14 for if you obey this time, help and refusion will come from from another place, but you and your father ' s house will perish. who knows that you have become king for this time ? "

Esther 4:15 then esther sent the thirty to mardoches :

Esther 4:16 go and gather all the jews who are in susa, and fast for me, and do not eat or drink day or day, night and day, and i and my slaves will eat. then i will go to the king because of the law. if i perish, i will perish. "

Esther 4:17 so mardocheus went up and did everything that ester had commanded him.

Esther 5:1 now on the third day when esther acabedead to pray for her pravince clothing scatted the head of the head of her houth. she put her all on the temple courts. she turned for the temple courts for her obtainment clothing. she put on for the temple courts her all the sons of her cloaks. she clatted all of the temple clothing. she clatted all of the temple clothing. she traned for the lord and her savive gift. she strethed her two clothing, the other marted for her clothing. she stayed her the hands for her with a the gold and her. she the other wls she her by her clate, and put her of her clothing heron. she she clathed about her temple of she her all with her. she maroted the god and was for her

Esther 5:2 then she took the golden staff and placed it on her neck. so she greeted her and said, " speak of me in a different stone. then the angel said to her, " here, i have seen you like a angel of god. then my heart was terrified because of the fear of your glory, because you were greatly astonished, and the king rebuked her.

Esther 5:3 then the king said to her, " what do you want, ester esther ? what is your desire ? until the half of my kingdom it will be given to you. "

Esther 5:4 ester replied, " if it is good to the king, let him come with haman today to the banquet i have prepared. "

Esther 5:5 then the king said, " hold out to haman so that we may accomplish ester ' s message. " so both they came to the banquet that ester had made.

Esther 5:6 at the drink drink, the king asked esther, " what is the rainse of esther ? it will be for you whatever you want ? "

Esther 5:7 ester replied, " my prayer and my prayer is :

Esther 5:8 if i have found favor before the king, let the king and haman come on the banquet i make for them, and i will make the same thing tomorrow. "

Esther 5:9 so haman went out with great joy and great joy from the king. when haman saw that the jewish man was standing in the courtyard of haman, he became enraged.

Esther 5:10 but immediately he went in his own house and called his friends and his wife serah.

Esther 5:11 so john revealed to them his wealth and his wealth that the king had revealed him, and how he had made him over and governor of the kingdom.

Esther 5:12 haman said, " the koningin haman has not called anyone to the head of the king with the king except me, and even to the next day i have called him. "

Esther 5:13 but these things are not right for me when i see both the jewish man who is standing in the courtyard. "

Esther 5:14 then his wife zeres and all his friends said to him, " let a boot, fifty year, and rise on the morning to the king to be brought mardochy on the tree. then get joy with the king in the maaler. " the rich thing placed to haman pleasing, and he prepared the tree.

Esther 6:1 that night the king did not rain, and he asked that they could bring the letter of memorial of the days, and they were read before him.

Esther 6:2 they found the letter that mardochai had referring to bigtan and teres, two eunuchs of the king, the guards of the guards, who were seeking to put up the hand to king ahasverus.

Esther 6:3 then the king asked, " what is the glory that we have done to mardochy ? " the officers of the king replied, " it has nothing done. "

Esther 6:4 then the king asked, " who is in the courtyard ? " but haman had entered the courtyard of the courtyard of the courtyard to say to the king to carry mardochai on the tree he had prepared for him.

Esther 6:5 the servant of the king replied, " haman is standing in the courtyard. " then the king said, " let him come. "

Esther 6:6 then haman came up and said to haman, " what should i do to the man whom the king want to glorify ? " haman said to himself, " whom is the king willing to glorify except me ? "

Esther 6:7 so haman replied to the king, " the man whom the king will glorify,

Esther 6:8 bring a fine linen clothing that is dressed on the king and a horse on whom the king causes on.

Esther 6:9 then he will give the man whom the king loves, and let him go on the man whom the king loves, and let him go on the heat and preach him on the street of the city and preach him : ' this will happen to the man whom the king will glorify. ' "

Esther 6:10 then the king said to haman, " do what you said. do this to mordechai the jewish man who is in the courtyard, and do not take anything against you. "

Esther 6:11 then haman took the clothing and the horse and stoned mardochai, led him up on the street of the city and preached, " this is what the king will glorify. "

Esther 6:12 then mary returned to the courtyard of the courtyard, but haman, distressed by head, returned to his own home.

Esther 6:13 then haman reported his wife zeres and all his friends everything that had happened to him. then his friends and his wife zeres said to him, " if mardocheus whose presence has begin to fall before him is a jow of the jews, you will not able to stumble him, but you will fall away with him. "

Esther 6:14 while they were still speaking, the eunuchs came and brought haman to the food that ester had prepared.

Esther 7:1 then the king and haman went in to drink with the königin ester.

Esther 7:2 then the king asked to esther on the second day at the drink : " what is your ask, dronish esther ? it will be done for you. and what is your desire ? it will be done for you until the half of the kingdom will be done. "

Esther 7:3 ester replied, " if i have found your gunity to the king, let my life be given to my supplice and my people for my defense.

Esther 7:4 for we and my people were vended as slaves and destroyed, to destroy and to destroy. if we had been vended, we and our children will become slaves and slaves, so i would keep away, for the devil would not be worthy of the king ' s courtyard. "

Esther 7:5 then the king asked, " who is this who has addressed to do this ? "

Esther 7:6 ester replied, " a enemy and a enemy is this evil haman ! " then haman was treated from the presence of the king and of the king.

Esther 7:7 the king stood up from anger and went up into the field of the mountain. haman refused to look for the droney ester, because he saw that he was hard.

Esther 7:8 then the king returned from the powers of the mountain, where haman had sat down on the bed for the koningin, and the king asked, " is it going to get the woman violence in my house ? " when haman heard this, haman fell to his face.

Esther 7:9 then harbona, one of the eunuchs, said to the king, " look, there is a tree that haman has prepared for mordechai, who has spoken on haman. " the king said, " be crucified on it ! "

Esther 7:10 so they seized haman on the tree that he had prepared for mordechai. then his wrath set off.

Esther 8:1 at that day king ahasveres gave the household of haman the devil ' s household. mardocheus was brought before the king, for ester had revealed that she was married to her.

Esther 8:2 then the king took his ring that he had taken up to haman and gave it to mordechai. so esther made mardoches over haman ' s family.

Esther 8:3 ester continued to speak to the king, fell down at his feet and explained him to think haman, haman, son of hames, and what he had done against the jews.

Esther 8:4 then the king extended to esther the golden staff. ester stood up and stood before the king.

Esther 8:5 ester replied, " if you think and find grace, let him send out the letters sent by haman, which was written to perish the jews who are in your kingdom. "

Esther 8:6 for how can i see the affliction of my people, and how can i be able to see the destruction of my family ? "

Esther 8:7 then the king ahasveres said to ester and to the jewish leaders ester, " look, i have given all haman ' s possessions, and him i died on a tree because he had placed his hand to the jews.

Esther 8:8 you also should write in my name, just as you think, and seal with my signs. for the law that is written in the law of the king and was sealed with my ring, there is no one to speak. "

Esther 8:9 then the experts in the law called in the first month, that is the money nump, the thirty and three day of the money money. the scripture was written to the jews, everything he had commanded to the jews, the governor, the rulers, the province of the province, from india until nubien, a hundred and twenty-seven provinces of province according to their own lead and their own leaders and their own leaves.

Esther 8:10 she was written in the king of the king, and he was sealed with his ring, and they sent the scroll in a scroll of scroll.

Esther 8:11 because he ordered them to live in all their towns in every town to help them, to help their adversaries and their adversaries, as they think,

Esther 8:12 on a day in all the province of king ahasverus, on the thirth day of the twelve month, that is the month adar.

Esther 8:13 the inscription of the scripture were revealed in all the provinces, so that the jews were ready ready to be ready for all the jews to make battle against their enemies.

Esther 8:14 so the rusters went out, speaking out of the order of the king, speaking out of the order of the king. so the inscription was revealed in the city of susa.

Esther 8:15 ( now mardocheus, who was in susa, was revealed of the kinging clothing, a golden corona of gold, a diaded of fine linen and purple clothing. when the people in susa saw it, they were glad.

Esther 8:16 for the jews were light and joy, great joy and joy.

Esther 8:17 in every province of every province, in every province of every province, in every province of every province, there was joy and joy for the jews, because they were afraid of the jews.

Esther 9:1 " for the twelve day of the thirth month, that is the month adar, the letter that was written by the king :

Esther 9:2 on that day the adversaries of the jews were divided, for no one was standed to fear them.

Esther 9:3 the rulers of the province of the province, the governor, the experts in the law, and the experts in the law and the experts in the law tried to the jews.

Esther 9:4 for the law of the king decided to be named in all the province of the kingdom.

Esther 9:6 in the city ' s susa the jews encouraged and killed five hundred men.

Esther 9:7 and parsandatha, dalfon, aspatha,

Esther 9:8 poratha, adalja, aridatha,

Esther 9:9 parmasta, arisai, aridai, vaisata,

Esther 9:10 the other sons of haman, the enemy of hamgai, the enemy of the jews, divored them.

Esther 9:11 at that day the number of those who had been killed in the region of susa was given to the king.

Esther 9:12 then the king said to ester, " the jews in susa, the city of susa, have killed five hundred men in the region of susa. what will you take ? it will be done for you. "

Esther 9:13 ester said to the king, " let the jews be given as well tomorrow, that the ten men may carry up haman. "

Esther 9:14 and the commanding man permitted to happen so, and he permitted the body of haman.

Esther 9:15 then the jews in susa assembled on the four reason of the mountain of adar, and they killed two hundred men, but did not destroy him.

Esther 9:16 the rest of the jews who were in the province of the kingdom gathered together and began to help themselves. they remained from their stricts for thousand and five thousand of them, but they did not destroy nothing.

Esther 9:17 on the four fourth day of the month on the four and four day, and they brought it on a day of require, with joy and joy.

Esther 9:18 the jews who were in susa were assembled on the four and four day, and they also brought the fighth and joy on the fighth day.

Esther 9:19 for this reason the jewish leaders in the outside countryside bring the four fourth day of the month adar a good day with joy and joy, and send part to another part.

Esther 9:20 mardocheus wrote these words and sent the message to the jews who were in the province of king ahasverus, near and far,

Esther 9:21 to make fast to the four and fighth day of adar on the four and four day of the month adar,

Esther 9:22 for in the days when the jews leaved rest from their enemies, and the month on which adar of mourn was turned into joy and their mourn for a good day, to bring all the days of wedding and joy, to send part to each, and to give part to the poor.

Esther 9:23 so the jews welcomed just as mordechai had written to them.

Esther 9:24 how aman, the maceda makedon, stricted against them, just as he had made their possessions and possessions to destroy them.

Esther 9:25 but when mardocheus went in before the king, he ordered that the evil things he had rejected against the jews would become his own body, and that he and his children were thrown out on his body.

Esther 9:26 for this reason these days were called purim, because of their own language pur, because of all the words of this letter, and what they had seen for these things and what they had done for them.

Esther 9:27 so the jewish people stood up and account for themselves, their descendants, and for those who have assembled them, so that these days were to be revealed in every time, in every town and family.

Esther 9:28 these days will be brought to purim in all their time and their memorial will never be removed from generations.

Esther 9:29 then the koningin ester, the daughter of amminadab, and mardocheus the jewish man scrissed all what they had done, for the strengthening of the letter of purim.

Esther 9:31 then mardocheus, mardocheus, and esther, the king of mardochah, stood there for himself because of their reason help and their reason.

Esther 9:32 and ester was written in the instruction of ester, and it was written for a memorial.

Esther 10:1 now king ahasverus wrote the kingdom of the earth and the sea of the sea.

Esther 10:2 and is opported in the letter of the regions of the persien and persia ' s region, which is opposed in the letter of the regions of persien and medias.

Esther 10:3 for the jewish leaders mardocheus was praying before king ahasveres. he was great among the jews and glorified by the jews, because he was looking for his people and proclaimed for his own people.

Job 1:1 there was a man in the land uz, named job. this man was innocent and innocent, fearing god and kept away from evil.

Job 1:2 he had seven sons and three daughters.

Job 1:3 he had seven thousand sheep, three thousand camels, five hundred yowns, five hundred hors and great servant. he was a great service on the earth. this man was greater than all the people of the east.

Job 1:4 so his sons were accompanied with each other, each each day, and they took their three sisters together to eat and drink with them.

Job 1:5 now when the time of the food had completed, job sent out and purified them. he got up the morning and offered offerings for them according to their number. for job said, " if my sons have defealed and defeed god in their hearts. " so job was doing always.

Job 1:6 a day when the sons of god came and stood before the lord, satan also came with them.

Job 1:7 then the lord said to satan, " where do you come from ? " satan answered the lord, " to pass through the earth and walking through the earth. "

Job 1:8 then the lord said to satan, " has you considered my servant job ? for there is no one on the earth like him. he is an innocent, true, fear god and kept away from evil. "

Job 1:9 so satan replied to the lord, " hikewise job fears god ?

Job 1:10 did you not clear him, his house, his house, and everything he possess. you have blessed the work of his hands, and his business have revealed on the earth.

Job 1:11 but leave your hand and touch everything he has, if he will not praise you into your face. "

Job 1:12 then the lord said to satan, " look, everything he possess is in your hand, but do not touch him yourself. " so satan went out from the presence of the lord.

Job 1:13 a day when his sons and daughters were eating and drinking wine in the house of their elders brother,

Job 1:14 then a angel came to job and said, " the bears were suffering, and the esels walked along them,

Job 1:15 the prisoners went and took them captives, and they killed the slaves with the sword. but i only came to report it to you alone. "

Job 1:16 while he was still speaking, another angel came and said, " a fire came from heaven and destroyed the sheep and the shepherds and consumed them alone. but i only were saved to tell it to you. "

Job 1:17 while he was still speaking, another angel came and said, " the hordeens have made three household, walked around the camels and captived them, and they killed the slaves with the sword of the sword. only i am escaped to report to you. "

Job 1:18 while he was still speaking, another angel came and said, " your sons and your daughters ate and drinking drinking in the house of their elders brother.

Job 1:19 suddenly a great spirit came from the wilderness and touched the four corners of the house, and the house fell on your children, and they were dead. but i only was healed to report to you. "

Job 1:20 then job stood and tore his clothes, breathed his head, fell to the ground and worshiped.

Job 1:21 and said, " naked i came from birth of my mother, and naked i will return there. the lord has given, and the lord takes away. blessed may be the name of the lord ! "

Job 1:22 in all these things job did not sinner, and he did not provide a foolishness against god.

Job 2:1 a day when god ' s sons came to stand before the lord, satan also came among them and stood before the lord.

Job 2:2 then the lord said to satan, " where do you come from ? " satan replied to the lord, " i am passing through the earth and walking through it. "

Job 2:3 then the lord said to satan, " have you considered my servant job ? for there is no one like him on the earth. he is an innocent, integrous, fear from god and kept away from evil. he is still in his uncerity, and you have been intended to destroy him without accusation. "

Job 2:4 so satan replied to the lord, " hud for haut. whatever he has, he will give for his life.

Job 2:5 but streck your hand and touch his bears and his flesh, unless he sees you in your face. "

Job 2:6 then the lord said to satan, " look, he is in your hand, but experience his life. "

Job 2:7 so satan went out from the presence of the lord and struck hiob hiob job from his feet to his head.

Job 2:8 he took a poddle cloak so that he could bow it, and sitting in a gate.

Job 2:9 as a great place had arrived, his wife said to him, " how long will you be treated ? "

Job 2:10 but he replied, " you speak like one of the foolish women. we have received the good from god, and cannot receive what is evil ? " in all these things job did not sin with his lips.

Job 2:11 when the three friends of joas heard about all the evil things that had happened over him, they went to him each one from his own region : eliphas the teman, bildad the shuhita, and sofar the naamath. they went to him together to consoly him and to exhort him.

Job 2:12 when they saw him from a distance, they did not recognize him, but they shouted with a loud voice, threw each one his own clothes and passed the earth.

Job 2:13 then they were seated with him seven days and seven nights, but no one said to him to speak, for they saw that his plage was very great.

Job 3:1 after this, job opened his mouth and began to speak.

Job 3:2 job prayed and said :

Job 3:3 " let the day i became born, and the night he said, ' a child is ! "

Job 3:4 that day may be darkness, god should not look for it from above, or let light be over it !

Job 3:5 it will bow it with darkness and sombra of death, the darkness will come over it.

Job 3:6 that night will take the darkness away, let it not be in the days of the year, or be number in the number of months !

Job 3:7 look, that night may be distressed, and great joy may not come on it !

Job 3:8 let those who practice the day should provide it, those who are going to ruck the garden.

Job 3:9 be darkened the stars of that night, remain for light, so that it may not come, and do not see the morning of the morning.

Job 3:10 because she did not destroy the gates of my mother, and has destroyed harm from my eyes.

Job 3:11 why did i not died from birth ? why did i never perish from birth ?

Job 3:12 why have kings completed me, and why brings my bors ?

Job 3:13 for i lead and required, lead and lead.

Job 3:14 to the rulers and the council of the earth who assembled them with sword,

Job 3:15 or with rulers who have many gold and who filled their homes with silver.

Job 3:16 or i did not be like a food from the mouth of mother, like children who did not see the light ?

Job 3:17 there are imprisoned the immoral people, there are the destroyed in his body.

Job 3:18 the eternal people are together, they do not listen to the voice of charge. "

Job 3:19 a little and great is there, and a slave is freed from his master.

Job 3:20 why is light to those who are bitterly, and life to those who are bitterly of life,

Job 3:21 those who recognize death and does not intercede them, they experience it like a treasure.

Job 3:22 they are contempt when they are difficult.

Job 3:23 the man who has delighted the rest of the rest, that god has put up for him ?

Job 3:24 for before my wheat, my suffering is there, and my suffering will be like a suffering.

Job 3:25 for a fear of what i greed came to me, and what i believed came to me.

Job 3:26 i did not be peace, neither required, nor required, but wrath came to me.

Job 4:1 then eliphas the temanites answered,

Job 4:2 " if it says to you much time, but who can understand your words ?

Job 4:3 look, you have rejected many, and you have strengthened the weak hands.

Job 4:4 your words looked up, and the weak knee you put up with courage.

Job 4:5 but now there is evil on you, you were troubled, he touched you, and you were troubled.

Job 4:6 is your fear not your hope, your hope and the ungodliness of your deeds ?

Job 4:7 remember who, who is a clean, has died ? and when were true destroyed ?

Job 4:8 just as i saw, those who gather evil and sows wealing, they will build them.

Job 4:9 because of the spirit of god they perish, and from the spirit of his wrath they will be destroyed.

Job 4:10 the round of little lion, the round of leeues is destroyed.

Job 4:11 the jew of leeuns will be destroyed because there is no food, and the leeuns of leeuns are destroyed.

Job 4:12 " now a message was revealed to you, my ear did not recognize him from him.

Job 4:13 when i looked in a night in a night when fear fell on people.

Job 4:14 a fear and trembling came to me, and all my bears were greatly distressed.

Job 4:15 a spirit fell on my face, and my hair stood away me.

Job 4:16 i stood, but i did not understand, there was no foolishness before me, but i heard a voice who heard :

Job 4:17 " can a man be innocent before god, is a man better than god ' s works ?

Job 4:18 look, against his servants he does not believe, and in his angels he certainly reject.

Job 4:19 how much those who live in tonderly tousehold, from whom they are too from the same mud, districted them as a fever.

Job 4:20 from the next day to the afternoon they are divided, they are destroyed without able to help them.

Job 4:21 suffering to them, they are withered, they are destroyed without wisdom. ' "

Job 5:1 " call out ! who will responde you ? to who of the saints will you see ?

Job 5:2 for wrath will destroy the foolish, and jeality will destroy the foolish.

Job 5:3 i saw a fool throwing worh, but immediately i seized his tabernacle.

Job 5:4 his sons will be long from salvation, and they are stapped by the door, and there is no one who escapes them.

Job 5:5 the righteous will eat what they gathered, and those will eat from the boot, his power will be taken away.

Job 5:6 for molestity does not come out of the ground, or evil produces out from the ground,

Job 5:7 instead a man is born with harm, and the clock of murs fall up.

Job 5:8 but i, i would ask god, and i will proclaim god ' s sight,

Job 5:9 he does great things unexformed, wonders without number.

Job 5:10 who gives rain on the earth and sends water on the earth,

Job 5:11 he exalts the poor in high, and the destructed are raised up.

Job 5:12 he reject the thoughts of the wise, so that their hands will not do true.

Job 5:13 he takes up the wise in their mind, and the consight of the foolish people will be revealed.

Job 5:14 they will come to dark in darkness, and on midday they gather as night.

Job 5:15 but he will save his power in the battle, and the impossible will come out of the power of the powerful.

Job 5:16 so the ungodly hope is impossible, and the ungodly turns his mouth.

Job 5:17 blessed is the man whom god rebuked ; do not reject the instruction of the all-powerful !

Job 5:18 for he gathers, and he destroys, he kills, and his hands healed.

Job 5:19 in sex tries he will recape you, and in the seventh there no evil will touch you.

Job 5:20 in famine he will rescape you from death, and in battle from the hand of the fier.

Job 5:21 you will be secret by the sword of the tongue, and you will not be afraid when destruction comes.

Job 5:22 you will recognize ungodly and ungodly, and you will not be afraid of the wild animals.

Job 5:23 for a vill of wild wilds will give peace for you.

Job 5:24 you will know that your house is peace, and you will see your tent, and you will never remain.

Job 5:25 you will know that your descendants will be great, and your children will be like the grass of the field.

Job 5:26 you will come into a tomb, like wearing wheat in the time of your time.

Job 5:27 look, these things we certained, and this is what we have heard. understand what you have done. "

Job 6:1 then job answered,

Job 6:2 " let my suffering be revealed, and my affliction may be enough together in a wear !

Job 6:3 for it is greater than the sea of the sea, so that my words are evil.

Job 6:4 for the frees of the all-powerful are in my body, my anger drink the anger of the all-powerful people.

Job 6:5 does a wild oil shouting without devotely, except the food of bread ? or the sound of a beast brings out on a food ?

Job 6:6 may it eat food without salt, or there is food in false speech ?

Job 6:7 " for my life is not able to require, it is a food for my bread.

Job 6:8 oh, if my prayer may come, and god may give my hope !

Job 6:9 even if god has completed my respect, has respected me and rejected me !

Job 6:10 so then i may be a grain city for me, and i will spare the city of the holy. i would not spare the words of the holy.

Job 6:11 what is my power that i may remain ? what is my time to have my life ?

Job 6:12 is my power power of stones ? or is my flesh bronze ?

Job 6:13 is i not rejected to him, and a help is rejected from me ?

Job 6:14 the mercy of god rejects me, but the confidence of god rejects me.

Job 6:15 my fellow parents suffered like a river, like waters passed over me.

Job 6:16 those who are difficult and fall like a snow, and destroyed the wheat.

Job 6:17 when the east ground, it is not known for something.

Job 6:18 they lives down in the mountain of them, they threw away and gather away.

Job 6:19 the women of thmanans ' s courts and sabas ' s gathers.

Job 6:20 they were confused, and they were confused, and they were confident.

Job 6:21 so you have become innocent ! you saw my suffering and were afraid.

Job 6:22 have i said, ' give to you, ' or to your strengthening from your strength !

Job 6:23 living me from the hand of the enemy, or save me from the hand of the powerful ? ' "

Job 6:24 learn me, and i will stumble, learn to me what i have deceived.

Job 6:25 how true are the true words ! but what do i ask your strengtheness ?

Job 6:26 are you arguing with speaking ? your encouragement of your message is not revealed ?

Job 6:27 you are suffering for a orfer, and make yourselves to your friend.

Job 6:28 but now, look at your face, i will not suffery.

Job 6:29 remain, so that there is no unrighteousness ! remain together, even if it is right.

Job 6:30 is there unjustice in my tongue ? does not my gate understand what is wrong ? "

Job 7:1 " is no human time on earth, and his days are like the days of a daward ?

Job 7:2 like a slave who practices sombra, and like a tail who remains his reward,

Job 7:3 so i as long months have been given to me, and night of distress were given to me.

Job 7:4 when i am leading, i am saying, " whenever will i get up ? " and i am full of distress from the evening until the next day.

Job 7:5 my body is stoned with smokles and clocks, my body is struck and clothes.

Job 7:6 my days are greater than lashing, and they destroy without hope.

Job 7:7 remember that my life is a wind ! my eye will not see good.

Job 7:8 the eye who see me will not see me, your eyes will stand on me, but i am no longer.

Job 7:9 the mountain restores and remains away ; if a man descends into the hades, it will never ascende.

Job 7:10 he will never return to his own house, nor will his place understand him again.

Job 7:11 so i will not spare my mouth, will speak in the bitterness of my heart, i will speak in the bitterness of my soul.

Job 7:12 am i the sea or a dragon because you put a prison against me ?

Job 7:13 when i say, ' my letter will exhort me, my letter will bring my bed to me,

Job 7:14 then you fear me with drumbs, and with vision you fear me.

Job 7:15 so my life will leave my spirit than death, than death than my bears.

Job 7:16 i am patient, i will not live for ever. remain away from me, for my days are deep.

Job 7:17 what is a person that you make him great, and that you close your mind to him ?

Job 7:18 practice him recognized every morning, and contempt him always ?

Job 7:19 how much longer will you not reject me, and never lead me until i take down my winners ?

Job 7:20 if i have sinned, what can i do against you, you people ' s guard ? why have you put me as your stone, and i am a stone for you ?

Job 7:21 why do you not reject my transgression, and defiled my sins ? for now i will go into the stof. when you lead me, i will be no longer. "

Job 8:1 then bildad the suhita answered and said,

Job 8:2 " how can you speak these things ? you are the spirit of your mouth.

Job 8:3 may god wrong the judgment, or does the almag-powerful destroy the right ?

Job 8:4 if your sons have sinned against him, he has sent them into the hand of their transgressions.

Job 8:5 but if you learn to god and pray the all-powerful,

Job 8:6 if you are clean and true, he will listen to you, and he will reject your righteousness ' s place.

Job 8:7 the first of you will be few, but your last time will be great.

Job 8:8 want ask the first generations, understand the generations of your ancestors,

Job 8:9 for we are experienced and we do not know it, for our days are in the earth.

Job 8:10 they will teach you and proclaim you, and they will remove out of their hearts.

Job 8:11 is the row bringing without water ? is it exalted a row without water ?

Job 8:12 it is still in the root, and it is not revealed, it is not torned before every herb.

Job 8:13 these are the end of all who ungives god, and the hope of the ungodly will perish.

Job 8:14 his suffering will be abandoned, and his suffering will be suffering.

Job 8:15 he rejects his house, but does not stand. he sees it, but does not stand.

Job 8:16 he is difficult at the sun, and his ground lives out of his ground.

Job 8:17 he lives his clothing in the ground of stones, and he lives in the middle of the stone.

Job 8:18 if the place becomes, he will bow him, yet you have not seen such things.

Job 8:19 look, this is the destruction of the impii, and another brings from the earth.

Job 8:20 look, god does not reject the innocent, and does not receive the gift of the ungodly.

Job 8:21 he will filled your mouth with cain and your lips with praise.

Job 8:22 your enemies will be dressed in confusion, but the tent of the impii will not be. "

Job 9:1 then job answered,

Job 9:2 " practice, i know that it is so. but how will a person be right before god ?

Job 9:3 if he wants to contempt with him, he will not obey him from one of thousand.

Job 9:4 he is wise of mind and great power. who has become hard against him and stayed ?

Job 9:5 he lives the mountains without knowledge, he destroys them with their wrath.

Job 9:6 he lives the earth from his place, and its pils will be shaken.

Job 9:7 he speaks the sun, and it does not come, he sealed the stars.

Job 9:8 he enters the heavens alone and walks on the stromen of the sea.

Job 9:9 he made the greot, the evening, the strangers, and the sure of the west.

Job 9:10 he does great and uncritable things, wonders without number.

Job 9:11 he pass on me, but i will never see him ; he pass through me, but i will not know it.

Job 9:12 if he rejects, who will remain ? who will say to him, ' what are you done ? '

Job 9:13 he does not reject his wrath, the world ' s companions are completed by him.

Job 9:14 why should i obey him, whether he will defense my words ?

Job 9:15 if i was righteous, he will not obey me, i will pray for his judgment.

Job 9:16 if i call and he answered, i do not believe that he will report me.

Job 9:17 he, who burns me out with a steal and multiply my flocks undarely.

Job 9:18 he does not leave me down, but filled me with bitterce.

Job 9:19 if he hold fast to his power, and who will resisti his condemnation ?

Job 9:20 if i am righteous, my mouth will regress, if i am innocent, i will turn away.

Job 9:21 if i am ungodly, i do not know my life, i am rejected my life.

Job 9:22 because you have said this : " the wrath is destroyed ! "

Job 9:23 if the flesh is destroyed by death, he calls the righteous.

Job 9:24 he is given in the hand of the impii. he takes the face of her judgers. if not, he is who ? "

Job 9:25 my days are greater than daughter, they ran off without to see it.

Job 9:26 they are like large ships, like a arend flying for something.

Job 9:27 if i say, ' i will forgive, " i will turn down his face, i will be suffering.

Job 9:28 i fear all my members, i know that you will not lead me innocent.

Job 9:29 if i am innocent, why then will i have not died ?

Job 9:30 " if i make my hand clean and clean my hands with a clothing,

Job 9:31 you will put me down in a fluck, and my clothes deceives me.

Job 9:32 for you are not a man like i, that i may answer me, so that we may come together to judgment.

Job 9:33 there is no intermediary among us who reveal him among us both.

Job 9:34 he must reject his staff from me, and his fear should not leave me.

Job 9:35 then i will speak and do not be afraid, for i do not understand so.

Job 10:1 " my life is hard for my life. i will lead my words over him, i will speak bitterly of my soul.

Job 10:2 i say to god, ' do not deceive me ! teach me why you are judged with me.

Job 10:3 is it good for you to destroy that you destroy the works of your hands, and reject the consice of the ungodly ?

Job 10:4 are you food with food, or see you as a human sight ?

Job 10:5 are your days like human days, or your years like the human years ?

Job 10:6 because you suffer my transgression, and examiny my sins,

Job 10:7 for you know that i did not be ungodly, and there is no one who release from your hand.

Job 10:8 your hands have formed me and performed me after these things, and you will leave me.

Job 10:9 remember that you have formed me as a mud, and turn me back into the ground.

Job 10:10 don ' t you break me like a melk and gathered me like a tirh ?

Job 10:11 you put me clothing with flesh and flesh, and you put me down with flesh and food.

Job 10:12 you gave me life and mercy, and your defense guarded my spirit.

Job 10:13 but you have these things in your heart, i know that all things were possible for you.

Job 10:14 if i sin, you would guard me, and you will not reject me from my lawlessness.

Job 10:15 if i am unrighteous, woe to me ! if i am righteous, i cannot see, for i am full of dishonor.

Job 10:16 if i appear, i am like a leeu to destroy me, and you are rejected me with terrible suffering.

Job 10:17 you reveat my encouragement against me, you show great anger against me, you put completion against me.

Job 10:18 why then have you brought me out of the mouth ? i could be died, but no eye saw me.

Job 10:19 so i could be like i had not been, from the mouth should i go into a tomb.

Job 10:20 is my life not great ? leave me away to leave me for a little rest,

Job 10:21 until i go from where i will not return, to a land of darkness and darkness,

Job 10:22 in the land of eternal darkness, where there is no light, and where there is no life for food.

Job 11:1 then sofar the naamath answered,

Job 11:2 should he be recompented with many words ? or will the blessing be righteous ?

Job 11:3 may you have difficulty in your words, so that there will not be enough against you ?

Job 11:4 you say, ' my deeds is pure, and i am pure in his eyes ! '

Job 11:5 but if god could speak and open his lips against you,

Job 11:6 to tell you the power of wisdom, that there is for two times of your mercy. then you may know that god has abandoned you for your sins.

Job 11:7 can you find god ' s complete ? or can you see what the all-powerful does ?

Job 11:8 it is high than heaven. what can you do ? greater than the hades of the hades ! what do you know ?

Job 11:9 it is greater than the earth and more than the sea.

Job 11:10 if he rejects all things, who will say to him, ' what are you done ? "

Job 11:11 for he knows the ungodly deeds and see ungodly, he does not see.

Job 11:12 " for a other person is difficulty, but a food is born as a field of oil. "

Job 11:13 if you put your heart to clean and extend your hands to him,

Job 11:14 if there is a transgression in your hand, get it away from you, and let no unjustice remain in your towns,

Job 11:15 then you will take your face like pure water, you will run away and will never be afraid.

Job 11:16 you will recognize your suffering, you will recognize as water passing away.

Job 11:17 your prayer will be like the might, and your life will be like the middad.

Job 11:18 you will be confident because there is hope, and you will be confident and self-control.

Job 11:19 you will remain, and there will be no encouragement, and many will rejoice to you.

Job 11:20 but the eyes of the ungodly will be destroyed, and their hope will be destructed. "

Job 12:1 then job answered,

Job 12:2 " then you are people, and with you will wisdom wisdom !

Job 12:3 now i have a heart with you.

Job 12:4 for a righteous man and innocent man has become sick.

Job 12:5 what has been ready to fall by someone ' s house for sexual immorality.

Job 12:6 those who provoke god will be innocent, and those who provoke god will be innocent, and those who reject god will be innocent.

Job 12:7 but ask the food, they will tell you, wild birds, and they will tell you.

Job 12:8 tell the earth, it will reclaim you, and the fish of the sea will report to you.

Job 12:9 who does not know in all these things that the hand of the lord has done these things ?

Job 12:10 by him is the life of all living and the spirit of every human spirit.

Job 12:11 " regards not speaking the words, and the gaul makes food with bread ?

Job 12:12 in the leaders is wisdom, and in the leaders is knowledge.

Job 12:13 with him is wisdom and power, to him is consight and knowledge.

Job 12:14 if it destroys, no person will rebuild, if he steal, no can open it ?

Job 12:15 look, he sends the water, and it seques ; he leads it, and they destroy the earth.

Job 12:16 with him is power and power, he has knowledge and knowledge.

Job 12:17 he practices authorities captives and contempt the judgers.

Job 12:18 he lives the scroll of kings and clothes it around their heads.

Job 12:19 he sends the priests captives and destroys the powerful.

Job 12:20 he speaks the believers of the faithful, he knows the knowledge of the elders.

Job 12:21 he vers dishonor against the rulers, and healing the poor.

Job 12:22 he reveads the profunds from darkness and produces the shadow of death into the light.

Job 12:23 he deceives nations and destroy them, he destroy nations and put them down.

Job 12:24 he lives the hearts of the rulers of the earth and deceives them in a wilderness that they do not know.

Job 12:25 they deceives in darkness and not a light, they gather like drunk.

Job 13:1 " look, these things my eye has seen, my ear has heard and heard.

Job 13:2 what you know know i know, and i am not more performed for you.

Job 13:3 but i will speak to the all-powerful, and i will think with the all-powerful.

Job 13:4 but you are false means, you are all ungodly healers.

Job 13:5 if you could suffer, it will be your wisdom !

Job 13:6 listen to my instruction and obey the judgment of my lips !

Job 13:7 do you speak falsary before god, and will you speak false before him ?

Job 13:8 do you refuke, and you will become the judges ?

Job 13:9 is good if someone esks for you ? if you take all things, you will be rejected to him ?

Job 13:10 he will reveal you always, if you secret with secret.

Job 13:11 will his disturbment not bear you, and his fear will not fall on you ?

Job 13:12 your stricts are destroyed with fish, your body is deep of clothing.

Job 13:13 listen to my speech, so that i will speak.

Job 13:14 why should i take my flesh with my teeth, and put my life into my hand ?

Job 13:15 if he will destroy him, i will repay him, but i will remove for him before him.

Job 13:16 this is my salvation for me, for the false person will not come before him.

Job 13:17 listen to my message, and listen to your hearts.

Job 13:18 look, i am approaching my judgment, and i know that i will be justified.

Job 13:19 who will pass judgment with me ? for now i will mourn and destroy.

Job 13:20 " do not do two things to me, then i will not sleep from your presence.

Job 13:21 leave my hand from me, and your fear let not deceive me.

Job 13:22 then call and i will say, or i will speak, or i will speak, and you answered you.

Job 13:23 what is my sins and sins ? bring me known my sins and sins.

Job 13:24 why call you away from me, and regard me as your slave ?

Job 13:25 will you be afraid a scroll thrown by the wind ? or will you understand a grass that comes by the spirit ?

Job 13:26 because you write evil things against me and put in my youth to my youth,

Job 13:27 you put my feet in a stone, guard all my deeds and put them away on the root of my feet.

Job 13:28 it is gathered as a flock, like a clothed clothing.

Job 14:1 " a woman who is born with a woman is wear and full of wrath.

Job 14:2 it lives out like a flow and springs away, he lives like a shadow and does not stand.

Job 14:3 yet with this you account this, and me make me in judgment before you ?

Job 14:4 who will be clean from unclean affection ? no one.

Job 14:5 since his living days are toward you, and the number of his monhears is with you, you have made him a number that he will never pass away.

Job 14:6 get away from him so that he may be recognized, and that his life will be pleasing like a reward.

Job 14:7 for it is hope for a tree, if it is destroyed, it will rise again, and his racks will never destroy.

Job 14:8 if his wortel stars in the earth and his rod dies in the stof,

Job 14:9 the mood of water will destroy, and he will give something like a gathered.

Job 14:10 but the man morts and goes away, and a food fell, and there is no more.

Job 14:11 the sea suffers in the sea, and the river vers and visses,

Job 14:12 so a man lives down, and no longer will stand up, until heaven is made up, they will never leave their sound.

Job 14:13 oh, if you have guarded me in the sheol, put me away until your wrath has passed, put a time for me and remember me !

Job 14:14 if a person mors, he will live ? in the end of his life i will refuke until my birth is again.

Job 14:15 you will call, and i will obey you, you will reject the work of your hands.

Job 14:16 but you think my deeds ? you will never passe my sins.

Job 14:17 my lawless transgression is sealed in a bound, and my transgression has been revealed.

Job 14:18 but the mountain fell and rejects, and a rock will rise from its place,

Job 14:19 the water corns water, and the strong water destroys the stof of the earth, and you destroy human endurance.

Job 14:20 you find him along, and he goes away. you bread his face to him and sent him away.

Job 14:21 if his sons became many, he does not know, if they are few, he does not understand it.

Job 14:22 but his body is suffering, and his life will mourn. "

Job 15:1 then eliphas the temanites answered,

Job 15:2 " will the wise report knowledge with the spirit, and filled his women with food ?

Job 15:3 is he arguing with these things that should not be, and with speech that does nothing help ?

Job 15:4 " yet you have rejected reverence, you are finished such things before god.

Job 15:5 your mouth is abandoned your mouth, and you have rejected the words of powerful.

Job 15:6 your mouth testifies against you, not i, and your lips testify against you.

Job 15:7 was you the first man become the first, or have you become before the mountains ?

Job 15:8 have you heard the confidence of god, and have you brought wisdom for you ?

Job 15:9 what do you know that we do not know ? what do you understand that we do ?

Job 15:10 there is among us even an old and old, greater days than your father.

Job 15:11 you have completed what you have committed ? you have spoken greater things ?

Job 15:12 why think your heart and why think your eyes ?

Job 15:13 because you have rejected your anger against god and lead such words out of your mouth ?

Job 15:14 which is the person that will be innocent, and who was born by a woman will be innocent ?

Job 15:15 look, for his saints he does not believe, and the heavens are not clean before him,

Job 15:16 what is unclean and unclean man, who drinks evil like drink.

Job 15:17 i will tell you, listen to me, i will tell you what i have seen.

Job 15:18 the wise people say, but did not hid their ancestors,

Job 15:19 to them only was given the earth, and a fremder did not come among them.

Job 15:20 the impie lives his life in all time, and many years of number are given to a powerful person.

Job 15:21 fear of fear is in his ears, already in peace, destruction will come against him.

Job 15:22 he does not believe to turn away from darkness, because he has been rejected to the hand of the fil.

Job 15:23 he is suffering for bread, where it is ? he knows that the day of darkness are destroyed in himself.

Job 15:24 suffering and suffering threw him, like a commandant sold.

Job 15:25 because he raised his hand against god and stood before the all-powerful,

Job 15:26 he gathered before him with difficulty, in the scepter of his shild.

Job 15:27 for he has deceived his face with his flesh and put a clothing on his heads.

Job 15:28 he remains in wilderly towns, in towns who is not destroyed, that things they prepared, others will stay away.

Job 15:29 his possessions will not be rich, his possessions will not be rich, and his possessions will never remove on the earth.

Job 15:30 he will not depart from the darkness, the wind will break his branches, and he will destroy his flock.

Job 15:31 let him not believe that he refuses, for it will be toward him.

Job 15:32 before his time it will be destroyed, and his clock will never burn.

Job 15:33 he will be gathered like a flock before the time, and he will fall like a flock of olives.

Job 15:34 for the devotion of the ungodly is death, and fire will burn the house of leaders.

Job 15:35 they are greeting with deceit and are going better, and their womb deceives deceit. "

Job 16:1 then job answered,

Job 16:2 " i have heard many things. all there are a exhortation of evil.

Job 16:3 can there be the last speech of the spirit ? or what endures you to answer ?

Job 16:4 i will speak like you, if you were in my place, i will speak with speech against you, and i will move against you with my head.

Job 16:5 so that i may be strengthened in my mouth, and the reason of my lips will not spare. "

Job 16:6 if i speak, my gate will not be suffered, and if i be silent, what can i be revealed ?

Job 16:7 but now he has strengthened me, he has healed the foolish.

Job 16:8 you have greatly rejected me as a testimony, my false deceit remains against me and testify to my face.

Job 16:9 he hardered his wrath and throws me down, he broke his teeth against me, he fell down against me with his flashes.

Job 16:10 they insult my eyes with anger, they put me into a kind, they courts together against me together.

Job 16:11 god gives me into the hand of the ungodly, and he throw me into the hands of the ungodly.

Job 16:12 the peace of peace has destroyed me, he took me from the village, and made me as a darker.

Job 16:13 the fools are around me, he throws my cloaks without spared, he has poured my clothing into the ground.

Job 16:14 he destroys me with false flock and floor against me as a powerful man.

Job 16:15 i have put a sack around my cloth, and i put my cloth in the flesh.

Job 16:16 my build is burned from weeping, and my clothing is of shadow.

Job 16:17 but there is nothing unclean in my hands, and my prayer is clean.

Job 16:18 " o ground, do not beat my blood, or may there be a place for my crying !

Job 16:19 now look, my witness is in heaven, my companitor in the heavens.

Job 16:20 my friends are my friends, but my eye rejects to god.

Job 16:21 that it may be revealed to a person before god, the son of man against his neighbor.

Job 16:22 for there is a number of number, and i will go on the way where i will not return.

Job 17:1 my spirit is experienced by my spirit, my graps is buried, and my pleasing is not.

Job 17:2 do what should i do ? what should i do ?

Job 17:3 throw away my possessions for me. who is this to make my hand ?

Job 17:4 for you have revealed their hearts from wisdom, so you will not reveal them.

Job 17:5 the one who practices evil knowledge, and the eyes of his children are destroyed.

Job 17:6 you have made me a spoken among the nations, and i have become a spoke for them.

Job 17:7 my eyes are destroyed from wrath, and all my devotion is like a ground.

Job 17:8 the true will be afraid of this, and the innocent will rise against the ungodly.

Job 17:9 but the faithful will remain his own way, and the clean hands will receive courage.

Job 17:10 but you all come back and come, for i find no true among you.

Job 17:11 my days are passed, my hearts are destroyed, the pains of my heart are destroyed.

Job 17:12 they put up day to day, light is near from darkness.

Job 17:13 if i want, the hades is my house, in the darkness my leading my leading,

Job 17:14 " i called my father, you are my father, my mother and my sister.

Job 17:15 where then is my hope ? and where can i see my hope ?

Job 17:16 they will go down with me into the hades, and we will descend together into the stof.

Job 18:1 then bildad the suhita answered and said,

Job 18:2 " how can you rest away ? strengthen to speak, and we will speak.

Job 18:3 why are we like flesh ? why are we like food in your presence ?

Job 18:4 you, who lives your wrath against you ! why will the earth be desolated, or the mountains will turn away from your place ?

Job 18:5 the light of the impii will be extingued, and his flamm will not destroy.

Job 18:6 his light is darkness in his tent, and his lamp will extingue him.

Job 18:7 the minor of his possessions will be suffering, and his complete consice will put him away.

Job 18:8 for his feet are thrown into a strick, he gives up into fletter.

Job 18:9 a strick suffers to him, and the strick becomes thirsty against him.

Job 18:10 it is secret on the earth, his strict on the road.

Job 18:11 trembling will strike him along around him, they will fall him around his feet.

Job 18:12 a respect has been prepared for him, a excelling destruction.

Job 18:13 the flesh of his feet will devorce him, death will consume his clothes.

Job 18:14 he will be revealed from his tent, he will be revealed to the king of the cross.

Job 18:15 he will remain in his tent at his night, sulfur will burn down his moundation.

Job 18:16 from along its roits are torn, and from the side its ground fell to it.

Job 18:17 his remembery will destroy from the earth, and there is no name on the round.

Job 18:18 he reject him from the light to darkness.

Job 18:19 there is no one, nor child, nor child in his own tousehold, but another will live in his tousehold.

Job 18:20 the last are distressed with him, and the first finds something.

Job 18:21 so is the house of the unrighteous, and this is the place of the one who does not know god. "

Job 19:1 then job answered,

Job 19:2 " how can you destroy my life and destroy me with words ?

Job 19:3 you have rejected me always, and you are not ashamed that you are not ashamed against me.

Job 19:4 " but i am deceived in the truth, he lives to live in a deceit for me, to speak a message that he does not know, and to deceive my words, but not for a time.

Job 19:5 if you encourages against me and complete my confusion against me ?

Job 19:6 know then that god has destroyed me, and he has revealed his clock against me.

Job 19:7 look, i am proclaimed, and i will not speak, i will cry out, but there is no judgment.

Job 19:8 he has stopped around me, and i will never pass away, he has placed darkness on my face.

Job 19:9 he destroyed from me my glory, and taken the crown from my head.

Job 19:10 he destroyed me around all time, and i will go ; he has cut my hope off like a tree.

Job 19:11 he healed his wrath against me, and he contempt me as his enemier.

Job 19:12 his crowds came together and assembled my way against me, and they assembled my wonders around me.

Job 19:13 he has rejected my brothers from me, and my dear friends have completed from me.

Job 19:14 my parents feared me, my knowledge wareet me.

Job 19:15 i was a stranger of house to help me, i was a stranger in their presence.

Job 19:16 i called my servant, but he respondes, he is praying with my mouth.

Job 19:17 my husband is suffering for my wife, my neighbors is my neighbors.

Job 19:18 always they reject me, whenever i stand, they speak against me.

Job 19:19 my believers have greatly indignated me, and those i love have opported against me.

Job 19:20 my flesh has destroyed from my beast, my beast have been lived in my bears.

Job 19:21 listen to me, mercy on me, your friends, for the hand of god touched me.

Job 19:22 why do you persecute me like god, and share you not from my flesh ?

Job 19:23 o, if my words would be write, if it could put them in a book,

Job 19:24 with iron iron and bly, that will be brought along in the rock !

Job 19:25 but i know that my redempter is evident, and he will come to the earth.

Job 19:26 when this flock of my flesh will be revealed, and i will be revealed from god.

Job 19:27 " i will see me with myself, and my eye can see, not another, and my mind will be completed in my mind.

Job 19:28 if you say, ' what will we say to him, ' and the rod of the message can be found in him. '

Job 19:29 then be afraid of devotion, for wrath will come against the transgression, so that you may know there is a judgment. "

Job 20:1 then sofar the naamath answered,

Job 20:2 " for this reason i think to me to say, and i do not understand me.

Job 20:3 i hear the instruction of my comfort, and the spirit replied to me from my knowledge.

Job 20:4 do you not know from always, since human body was placed on the earth,

Job 20:5 for there is the joy of the immoral suffering, and the joy of the ungodly rejoice.

Job 20:6 if his household arrives to heaven, and his household toward the clouds,

Job 20:7 he will continue away for all time. those who saw him say, where he is ? '

Job 20:8 as a droom he takes away, he will never be found. he is like a night of night.

Job 20:9 the eye who regained him will not see him again, and his place will not see him again.

Job 20:10 his sons will deceive the poor of him, and his hands will break his hands.

Job 20:11 his oars were filled with his jeught, but with him he will put down into the stof with him.

Job 20:12 if evil is slaved in his mouth, if he secrees it under his tongue,

Job 20:13 he will not spare it, and does not destroy it, but finds it in his gaul,

Job 20:14 so when he is in his mouth, he is not able to help him.

Job 20:15 the false wealth will be gathered, and a angel will burn him out of his house.

Job 20:16 he will eat dragon of dragon, the tongue of serpent will kill him.

Job 20:17 he will not see greetings, food of honey and wood.

Job 20:18 he will reject the wealth of his wealth, and he will lead it.

Job 20:19 for he foreighted many who were impossible, he destroyed, but did not stand.

Job 20:20 for he does not recape his possessions, and he does not save by his desire.

Job 20:21 there is no rest of his food, so his good good will not stand.

Job 20:22 when he has been completed, he will be afflicted, all distress will come against him.

Job 20:23 if he sees his women, he will send him the wrath of his wrath, and he will wash him with harm.

Job 20:24 he will be saved from the hand of the fier, and a bright bound will strike him.

Job 20:25 the pill comes out of his body, and lightning comes out of his tent. fear will come on him.

Job 20:26 all darkness will remain for him, a innocent fire will destroy him, and the destruction of his house will destroy.

Job 20:27 the sky will reveal his transgression, and earth will rise against him.

Job 20:28 destruction will turn down his house, the day of his wrath will come against him.

Job 20:29 this is the part of the ungodly man from god, and the possession god has given to him. "

Job 21:1 then job answered,

Job 21:2 " listen, listen to my message, and this is your comfort.

Job 21:3 take me away, and i will speak ; although i speak, you will not rejoice.

Job 21:4 do my command is not for a man ? or why will i not be encouraged ?

Job 21:5 look at me, be astonished, put his hand on his kind.

Job 21:6 if i remember, i am distressed, and trembling will have my flesh.

Job 21:7 why can the immoral live and be destroyed in wealth ?

Job 21:8 their seed is in their presence, their children in their presence.

Job 21:9 their house are recognized without fear, and god ' s rod is not on them.

Job 21:10 their oil lives and does not destroy, their backs lives and does not destroy.

Job 21:11 they present their children as sheep, and their children suffering as sheep.

Job 21:12 they will take harp and harp, and will rejoice with the round of harp.

Job 21:13 they find their lives in good, and they leave in sheol in the hades.

Job 21:14 but they said to god, ' get away from us ! i do not want your way to know.

Job 21:15 what good is that we will serve him ? what good will we come against him ?

Job 21:16 look, their good is not in their hands, and you do not see the works of the immoral.

Job 21:17 how much then the lamp of the immoral will be exsamled, and destruction will come over them, and their wrath will come out of their wrath ?

Job 21:18 they will be like stroh before the wind, like a stof that a storm destroyed ?

Job 21:19 he will destroy his children his possessions, he will repay him, and he will know.

Job 21:20 let his eyes see his imprisonment, and he will be rejected from the power of the all-powerful.

Job 21:21 for what is his will for his house after him, when the number of his months is divided ?

Job 21:22 " will someone teach knowledge to god, who judges the morderers ?

Job 21:23 he morts in the strength of his strength, suffering and recognized.

Job 21:24 his knowledge are full of flesh, and his flashes will be divided.

Job 21:25 he dies with bitterly spirit, and he does not eat anything good.

Job 21:26 they dorm together in the ground, and the smocks covers them. "

Job 21:27 so i know that you are present against me.

Job 21:28 you say, ' where is the house of the ruler, where is the place where the immoral people live ? '

Job 21:29 do you ask the passing through the way, and have you not rejected their signs ?

Job 21:30 that the evil person is provocted in the day of destruction, they will be brought to the day of wrath.

Job 21:31 who will tell his face before him ? who will repay him what he has done ?

Job 21:32 he is brought to the tomb, and is thrown into the tomb.

Job 21:33 the flood of the torrens are divided for him, all people will go after him, and there are unnumerous before him.

Job 21:34 how can you exhort me with the wrath, and nothing of you will be required. "

Job 22:1 then eliphas the temanites answered,

Job 22:2 " can someone instruy god with knowledge and knowledge ?

Job 22:3 what measure is it for god if you are innocent ? or what means that you lead your way ?

Job 22:4 will he rebuke you by your fact, and will go with you into judgment ?

Job 22:5 " is your evil not great, and your sins are without a number ?

Job 22:6 for you have rejected your brothers always, and you destroyed the naked of the naked.

Job 22:7 you gave not drink water to thirsty, and for the food you strengthened bread.

Job 22:8 but you were astonished with some people, and he ascaped those who were in the earth.

Job 22:9 you have sent a wedding widows, you have destroyed the orfers.

Job 22:10 therefore there are stricks around you, and difficulty belonging you.

Job 22:11 does you not see in darkness, and the water secrees you.

Job 22:12 is god not high in the heavens ? see ! god is high !

Job 22:13 and you say, ' what does god know ? he will judge by the darkness ?

Job 22:14 is object for him that does not see, and the gold of heaven is divided. '

Job 22:15 do you guard eternal waters, whom the ungodly people suffered ?

Job 22:16 they were stopped without secret, their foundation broke off the river.

Job 22:17 who said to god, ' come away from us ! what will the all-powerful give us ? '

Job 22:18 but he has filled their house with good. but the country of the ungodly is far from me !

Job 22:19 the righteous are contempt, but recognized, but they are recognized.

Job 22:20 " not, they have rejected, and the fire of them devored the fire. "

Job 22:21 keep away with him, and be encouraged, and then your fruit will be good.

Job 22:22 receive his instruction from his mouth and put his words in your heart.

Job 22:23 if you turn to the toward god, you will turn away unjustice from your tent.

Job 22:24 you will gather it on the stof, the rock of ofir as a rock.

Job 22:25 then the all-powerful will be your help and pure silver gold for you.

Job 22:26 then you will be confident before god, and you will reveal your sight before god.

Job 22:27 you will pray to him, and he will listen, and you will betray your promises.

Job 22:28 the condition of righteousness will present to you, and light will be in your ways.

Job 22:29 because he humbled him, you say, " he is arrogant ! he will save the confusion of the eyes ! "

Job 22:30 you will remove the innocent, and you will be saved by your hands.

Job 23:1 then job answered,

Job 23:2 " now my suffering is from my hand, and his suffering has become hard because of my suffering.

Job 23:3 oh, if knew that i could find him, to come to his end !

Job 23:4 i will make my judgment to him and fulfill my mouth with refutions.

Job 23:5 then we know what he will say to me, and i know what he will tell me.

Job 23:6 will he suffery with me by his great power ? he will reject me.

Job 23:7 so the truth of him is confident with him, and i will leave my judgment for all time.

Job 23:8 look, i am going ahead, but he is there, and on the west, he is no longer.

Job 23:9 when he is left, he does not learn, he sees on the right hand, but do not see it.

Job 23:10 but he knows my way. he knows me like gold.

Job 23:11 i have set my way in his command, i have guarded his way and never left.

Job 23:12 from his commandments i never pass away, i have hidden his words in my boot.

Job 23:13 but he is the judgment. who will reject him ? what he desires he does.

Job 23:15 for this reason i am greatly astonished for him, and when i understand it, i were greatly distressed from him, and i will be afraid from him.

Job 23:16 " god has healed my heart, and the all-powerful has strengthened me.

Job 23:17 for i did not fall from darkness, because the darkness did not reveal before my face. "

Job 24:1 why have i considered god ' s time ?

Job 24:2 they leave the region and reject sheep with shepherd.

Job 24:3 they carry the food of the wedding, and betraw widow of widow.

Job 24:4 they have rejected the weak from the way, the poor of the earth have shaken together.

Job 24:5 look, going out as wilders on the field, going out of their own acts for their own deeds, and have bread for their little children.

Job 24:6 they buried the field before their time, and the vineyard of the immoral vineyard they serve.

Job 24:7 they are leading without clothing without clothing, and they destroy their clothing without clothing.

Job 24:8 they strick from the ground of the mountains, because they have no sombra, they clothes the rock.

Job 24:9 they destroy orphyn from the borm and humble the orfed.

Job 24:10 they labor along, ungodly, and those who suffered the food they take away.

Job 24:11 in the stangs of unrighteous people they clothes, they reject the way of ungodly.

Job 24:12 from the town they share their own homes, and the soul of the dead ground, but god does not account this.

Job 24:13 they are in the ground of the earth, they do not recognize its women, nor follow its women.

Job 24:14 because the thief practices their deeds, he lives them in darkness, and in the night he will become like a thief.

Job 24:15 the eye of a adultery guards the darkness, saying, " no eye will see me ! " he hears his face.

Job 24:16 they threw themselves in the darkness, on the day they sealed themselves, they do not know light.

Job 24:17 for the morning for them is a shadow of death, because they understand the wilderness of death. "

Job 24:18 it is foolish on the face of water, their part is abandoned on the earth.

Job 24:19 toring, suffering, and suffering will destroy the secrees of the sior.

Job 24:20 because his sin remembers him, the walk of the harp will remember him, he will not repay him. the ungodly will be broken like a tree.

Job 24:21 for he does not do anything good, and a woman he does not mercy.

Job 24:22 he rejects the weak with anger, he got up, but he does not believe his life.

Job 24:23 he will be sick and not expect to be healed, and there will fall down in sick ?

Job 24:24 they are revealed his high place, but then they are destroyed, and are destroyed, they are destroyed, they are destroyed, gathered like the tacks of it.

Job 24:25 if this is not, who will complete me false and make my words for nothing ? "

Job 25:1 then bildad the suhita answered and said,

Job 25:2 " confidence and fear is from him, who practices peace in his high places.

Job 25:3 is there a constance of his tribes ? and on whom will his mood not come ?

Job 25:4 how can someone be righteous before god, and how can he be clean, the child of a woman ?

Job 25:5 look, the moon is not revealed, and the stars are not pure in his eyes.

Job 25:6 " a certain man is hard, and a son of man is a scepter.

Job 26:1 then job answered,

Job 26:2 " to keep you to him ! to what do you help, to help the powerful arm ?

Job 26:3 what has you considered by all wisdom, and to whom you have accompanied the great power !

Job 26:4 whose words has you proclaimed ? and whose spirit has come from you ?

Job 26:5 they will be difficult under the water and those who live in it.

Job 26:6 the hades is dead before him, and there is no clothing for destruction.

Job 26:7 he extends the nord against nothing, lives the earth over no one.

Job 26:8 he lives water in his clouds, and the air is not destroyed under it.

Job 26:9 he rejects the face of his throne and extends his mountain on him.

Job 26:10 he has put a carge on the face of the water until the light and darkness comes.

Job 26:11 the collects of heaven are destroyed, and they are astonished because of his defense.

Job 26:12 with his mind he destroyed the sea, with his knowledge he broke the grain.

Job 26:13 his hand has put the sky to him, his hand has killed a wearing dragon.

Job 26:14 look, these are the parts of his way, and for the mouth of his message we hear about him. but who knows the ground of his food ? "

Job 27:1 then job continued to say his parable :

Job 27:2 " to the life god who condemned me, and the all-powerful who bittered my life.

Job 27:3 since my spirit is still in me, and god ' s spirit is in my women,

Job 27:4 my lips will not speak ungodly, or my mouth will speak false.

Job 27:5 let me not be to justify you ! until i am dead, i will not reject my ungodly confidence.

Job 27:6 i will obey my righteousness, and i will never leave me, for i do not understand my own wrong.

Job 27:7 may my enemies be like the ungodly, and the one who rejoice against me will be like the ungodly.

Job 27:8 for what is hope of the ungodly, if god rejects him, if he rejects him ?

Job 27:9 will god hear his call when contriction comes on him ?

Job 27:10 will he acknowledge before him ? will he call on god as he calls ?

Job 27:11 i will tell you what is in god ' s hand, i will not destroy what is for the all-powerful.

Job 27:12 look, all you know with false things ?

Job 27:13 this is the part of the impie person from god, and the sors of the powerful will come from the all-powerful.

Job 27:14 if his sons are many, they will be seed for the sword, and his sons will not be completed for the sword.

Job 27:15 those who live on him will be put to death, and their widows will not show mercy.

Job 27:16 if he gather silver gats like a stof and prepares silver as clothing,

Job 27:17 these things will be rejected to the righteous, and his needs will be experienced true.

Job 27:18 his house is gathered like a serce, as a sceptering gathered.

Job 27:19 there is bound, and there is no longer ; he openes his eyes, but there is no.

Job 27:20 trembling gathered him like water, the night takes him away in the night.

Job 27:21 the east will lead him away, and he will go and spread him away from his place.

Job 27:22 he throws off him and will not spare him, he will flee from his hand.

Job 27:23 they will breat his hands on him and struck him away from his place. "

Job 28:1 for silver is the place where it is, and a place of gold where it finds.

Job 28:2 fiers is born from the earth, and bronze is cut down from the stone.

Job 28:3 the stone lives in darkness, and the stone of the darkness and the shadow of death.

Job 28:4 the river is destroyed from the cloth, and those who forleads the way of righteous way fall away from food.

Job 28:5 there is bread, from which produces bread, and under it it has become like fire.

Job 28:6 its stones are a place of sapphir, and there is goldbrew of gold.

Job 28:7 a food does not know it, the eye of murder did not see it.

Job 28:8 the wilderns did not deceive it, a lew does not pass through it.

Job 28:9 he extends his hand into a stone, and the mountains turns up the mountains.

Job 28:10 he breaks up flowns of flowns, and his eye has seen every precious person.

Job 28:11 he revears the flock of the rivers and shows his power into the light.

Job 28:12 but what will the wisdom be found ? where is the place of knowledge ?

Job 28:13 no human person knows its way, and it is not found in the country of the people.

Job 28:14 abyss says, " there is not in me, ' and the sea says, ' there is not with me. '

Job 28:15 it will not give difficult in her place, and it will not stand for gold.

Job 28:16 it will not be revealed with gold of ofir, by precious onyc and safir.

Job 28:17 gold and salt will not be rejected for it, and reject of gold will be rejected for it.

Job 28:18 household and gabes will not be remembered, and wisdom is greater than the clothes.

Job 28:19 topaz, etiopian, will not be rejected with pure gold.

Job 28:20 where then comes the wisdom ? where is the place of knowledge ?

Job 28:21 he has been hidden for all humanity, and it is hidden from the birds of heaven.

Job 28:22 destruction and death say, ' we have heard about her shepherd. '

Job 28:23 god knows her way, and he knows her place.

Job 28:24 for he looked up to the end of the earth, he see all the things of the earth.

Job 28:25 the food of the water of water for his mouth.

Job 28:26 when he explained the way for the rain and the way for the ground of donder,

Job 28:27 then he saw her and reported her, he prepared it and certained it.

Job 28:28 and to the man he said, " look, the fear of god is wisdom, and to depart from evil is intelligent. "

Job 29:1 then job continued to say his parable :

Job 29:2 " o, if i could be like the former months, as in the days when god guarded me,

Job 29:3 when his lamp spoke on my head, and in his light i went in the darkness,

Job 29:4 when i was in my food, when god appeared over my house,

Job 29:5 when the alman was with me, my children were around me,

Job 29:6 when my ways gathered in flow, and my mountains gathered water of olive oil !

Job 29:7 when i went out on the city of the city and put my place in the streets,

Job 29:8 the young men saw me and were satisfied, but the elders stood up.

Job 29:9 the mercy required to speak and put his finger on his mouth.

Job 29:10 when they heard this, they were distressed, and their tongue stopped to their palt.

Job 29:11 the eye who heard me revealed, and the eye who saw me destroyed me.

Job 29:12 for i saved the poor who refuked, and the orfer who had no help.

Job 29:13 the blessing of the destruction came to me, and the mouth of widow has blessed.

Job 29:14 i have put the righteousness to the right, and i gathered the judgment for two clothes.

Job 29:15 i have an blind eye and the lame of lame.

Job 29:16 i was a father for the impossible, and i considered what i did not know.

Job 29:17 i broke the false mounts of the unrighteous, and i destroyed the rop from his teeth.

Job 29:18 then i said, ' my life will be start, and my life will be like palm.

Job 29:19 my radick is opened over the water, and daugh will spend in my harvest.

Job 29:20 my glory is new with me, and my bound will go in my hand.

Job 29:21 they heard this and looked, they were silent for my intention.

Job 29:22 when i say, they did not lenger speak, my message began to speak against them.

Job 29:23 they were waiting as the rain of the rain, they were aspecting my instruction like the rain of the rain.

Job 29:24 if i recognized them, they did not believe, and the light of my face did not stumble.

Job 29:25 i loved their way, and i sat down as a ruler, and as a king among the solders, as a suffering encouragement.

Job 30:1 but now those who are greater than i have revealed their ancestors, whom i did not recognize to be worthy before my sheep.

Job 30:2 why then the power of their hands is to me, because they have completed completion ?

Job 30:3 in devotion and famine, they flow in wilderness, suffering and destruction.

Job 30:4 they gather support in the bread of the ground, and the breature is their bread, the dishonor and dishonor, the wear of all what is good, and the root of the tree grow by a great honor.

Job 30:5 the diviers stood before me.

Job 30:6 they were in rocks of rocks, in rocks of rocks.

Job 30:7 they call out in the middles, they clow under the strombs.

Job 30:8 food and undisciplined people who are destroyed from the earth.

Job 30:9 but now i am their harp, and i have their harp.

Job 30:10 they deceives me, they turn away from me and have not rejected the work of my face.

Job 30:11 for he has opened his scroll and revealed me, and they sent out for my presence.

Job 30:12 on the right hand the bricked stood up, they bread their feet and gathered the road of their destruction against me.

Job 30:13 they have rejected my pats, rejected my clothes.

Job 30:14 they come down by a stranger in the ground, they put up to me in difficult.

Job 30:15 brifts are turned against me, my hope has become like the wind, and my salvation is like a air.

Job 30:16 now on me my soul is thrown out, the days of affliction are to me.

Job 30:17 in the night my bears will be burned, and my flocks will be destroyed.

Job 30:18 with a great power my clothing causes me, my clothing is like a clothing of my clothing.

Job 30:19 he has put me into the vine, and i became like a stone and a hair.

Job 30:20 i call out to you, but you will not listen ; they stood up and show me.

Job 30:21 you have appeared to me without comprehension, you placed me with starty hand.

Job 30:22 you put me down in group, you put me away from salvation.

Job 30:23 for i know that you will destroy me by death, in the house of all who is mortal.

Job 30:24 but does not make his hand to hand by myself, or pray with his own hand ?

Job 30:25 was i weeping over every impossible, and did not weep a man in distress ?

Job 30:26 i loved what is good. look, the time of evil is completed me.

Job 30:27 my intests suffered and does not be silent, the days of affliction have come over me.

Job 30:28 i am going ahead without washing, i stand in the church and call out.

Job 30:29 i became a brother of secrees, a friend of the spars.

Job 30:30 my flesh is suffered from me, and my bears are dared from harm.

Job 30:31 so my harp is passed into suffering, and my harp is for my weeping.

Job 31:1 " i have done my eyes with my eyes, and i do not recognize a virgin.

Job 31:2 what has different god from above, and the erself of the great from the high ?

Job 31:3 is there not destruction for the ungodly and expression for those who practice lawlessness ?

Job 31:4 does he not see my deeds and number all my passions ?

Job 31:5 if i went with a false, and if my foot has been deceived to deceive,

Job 31:6 may he punish me in a righteous punish, and god will know my ungodly.

Job 31:7 if my feet have deceived from the way, and my heart followed my eyes, and if i have accepted a gift to my hands,

Job 31:8 then i seed another to eat, and my order will be revealed to the earth.

Job 31:9 if my heart has been deceived for a woman and i have seated on my door by the door of my other,

Job 31:10 then my wife must remove for another, and all my children should be humbled.

Job 31:11 for it is wrath, suffering, for a husband to defile.

Job 31:12 for it is a fire that burns over all his works and destroys all his works.

Job 31:13 if i have rejected the judgment of my slave or my slave slave while they were condemned to me,

Job 31:14 what should i do when god arrives, and what will i answer when he revears him ?

Job 31:15 did not the one who made me in the birth made him too, was he, who made me in the birth ?

Job 31:16 if i have allowed need to the poor, if i did not lead the eyes of widow ?

Job 31:17 if i have eaten my bread alone and did not eat the orfer,

Job 31:18 for from my youth i gathered like a father, and from my mouth i lead him.

Job 31:19 if i saw that a naked was destroyed without difficult,

Job 31:20 if he did not rejoice me from the rost of my lamps,

Job 31:21 if i put up his hand to the orfner, if i saw that my help was great.

Job 31:22 then may my flock fall from my flock, and my arm will fall from my cup.

Job 31:23 for i were afraid of the fear of god, and i would not subject his reason.

Job 31:24 if i put in my faithfulness to gold and to say to a stone stone,

Job 31:25 if i rejoiced that my wealth was great, and that my hand had made a great wealth,

Job 31:26 if i see the sun when it lives, and the moon, because it was not suffering on them,

Job 31:27 and my heart was suffering secret, and i have loved my hand on my mouth,

Job 31:28 so then, this is lawlessness for me, because i have rejected the most high god.

Job 31:29 if i rejoiced because of the affliction of my enemie, if i rejoiced that my enemie appeared,

Job 31:30 ( i did not acknowledge my order in my complete flute.

Job 31:31 if my homestors did not say, ' who would be full of his flesh ? '

Job 31:32 the stranger was not leaving outside, i knew my door to all who came.

Job 31:33 if i have rejected my sin because of unknowledge, i have hidden my sins.

Job 31:34 because i was abandoned with a large crowd of large group, because i could reveal my door, i could come out of my door.

Job 31:35 oh, if someone would listen to me ! let the hand of god obey me ! which is the scroll that have against me !

Job 31:36 they are clothed in a crown, they recognize it.

Job 31:37 then i reject him so that i could not remove her, and have received him away from the neighbor.

Job 31:38 if my earth brings over me, and if her clothes weeps together,

Job 31:39 if i have eaten its force without honor or have rejected the life of the lord of the earth,

Job 31:40 then there will be busined on a place of fire and a dorm in steast of shaw. " then his words job fineed.

Job 32:1 so the three men did not speak to job again, because he was righteous in his eyes.

Job 32:2 then elius, the son of barachiel the buz man, from the family of ram, became flamed. his anger came against job because he endured himself right before god.

Job 32:3 but against his three friends he became anger in anger, because they were not able to respond, they rebelled job and put him to be an ungodly.

Job 32:4 elijah refured to say to job, because they were greater than he.

Job 32:5 but when elijah saw that there was no answer in the mouth of the three men, his wrath was enflamed.

Job 32:6 then elius, the son of barachiel the buz, answered, " i am a young time, and you are elders. therefore i was afraid, because i was afraid to tell you my own faithfulness.

Job 32:7 i said, ' let the time speak, and many years will know wisdom. '

Job 32:8 but the spirit is in the food, and the spirit of the all-powerful teacher it.

Job 32:9 the many may not be wise, nor the elders know judgment.

Job 32:10 therefore i say, " listen to me, and i will tell you what i know.

Job 32:11 look, in your hearing, even to your hearing until you explicted your words.

Job 32:12 i required to you, but there was no one of you who refused job and reported his words.

Job 32:13 so that you may not say, " we have found wisdom for the lord. "

Job 32:14 " you have rejected your words to speak such things.

Job 32:15 they are distressed, they have no longer responded, they have enough words.

Job 32:16 i am refused, for they did not say, " they stood up, ' but they replied.

Job 32:17 elihu answered,

Job 32:18 for i am full of words, the spirit from my mouth lives me.

Job 32:19 my build is like a wine from wine sitting, like a new new new.

Job 32:20 i speak to him to require, to open my words.

Job 32:21 i will not be ashamed of a man, or do not shame anyone.

Job 32:22 for i do not understand my favor. if not, my servant will put me away. "

Job 33:1 " now, job, listen to my words, and listen to my words, job !

Job 33:2 look, i have opened my mouth, my tongue speak.

Job 33:3 my hearts are clearly clearly, and my leps speak clearly.

Job 33:4 the spirit of god has made me, and the spirit of the all-powerful give me.

Job 33:5 if you can, answer me, stand up against me, stand up against me.

Job 33:6 look, i, i became like i, i have been restored from it.

Job 33:7 look, my fear will not destroy you, and my hand will not be hard on you.

Job 33:8 but you have said in my ears, i have heard the voice of your words :

Job 33:9 " i am clean, i am not sinful, i am innocent, i am not ungodly.

Job 33:10 look, he found something against me, he calls me his slave.

Job 33:11 he put my feet into the stone, he observes all my ways. '

Job 33:12 look, you are not righteous, and you will not repay you, for god is greater than food.

Job 33:13 why do you acknowledge with him ? he will not respond to anything of his words.

Job 33:14 for god practices one time, but in the second time, god does not speak.

Job 33:15 in a nature, in a night, when terrible fear trees on people, in the night on his bed,

Job 33:16 then he hears the minds of people and revears them with such fear,

Job 33:17 to reject human people from his ungodly, to save the man from his wrong.

Job 33:18 he will reject his life from death, his life from the strict of the power.

Job 33:19 he calls him with sjukness on his bed, and with great help of his bears.

Job 33:20 for his life is able to eat of the food and his life for a desire food.

Job 33:21 his flesh lives out, and his bears appeares with nothing.

Job 33:22 his life is approaching death, and his life to the sheol.

Job 33:23 if there is a angel against him, a angel of a thousand, a angel of a thousand, who will reveal to the person his own praise,

Job 33:24 then he is resulted to him and said, ' let him never fall into the grab, for i have been resulted to him. ' "

Job 33:25 then his body will be washed like his child, he will return back as a food of his child.

Job 33:26 he prays to god and he will accept him, he will reveal his face with reverence, and he will repay human righteousness.

Job 33:27 then he will remain for a person and say, ' i have committed adultery, he has not rejected me.

Job 33:28 he saved my life from to come into the grain, and my life will see the light.

Job 33:29 look, all these things god practices three times with man,

Job 33:30 so that he reject his life from death, so that he may leave him by the light of the life.

Job 33:31 listen, job, listen to me ; stumble, and i will speak.

Job 33:32 if you are words, speak to me, say, for i want to justify you.

Job 33:33 if not, listen to me, keep away, and i will teach you wisdom. "

Job 34:1 elihu answered,

Job 34:2 listen to me, you wise who know, listen to what is good !

Job 34:3 for the oars approves words, and a gaul eat food.

Job 34:4 let us pray for ourselves, let us know what is good among ourselves.

Job 34:5 for job says, ' i am righteous, but god has rejected my judgment.

Job 34:6 i reject my condemnation, my strely is violent without unrighteousness. "

Job 34:7 who is like job, who drinks food like water ?

Job 34:8 he commits their company with those who practice evil and went with ungodly ?

Job 34:9 for he said, ' there is no defense to a man that has accepted god. ' "

Job 34:10 therefore listen to me, wise people ! there is not for god to defile, against the all-powerful to destroy the right !

Job 34:11 he will repay each person according to his deeds, and he finds for each person according to his deeds.

Job 34:12 nevertheless, god does not do ungodly, and the all-powerful does not cause the judgment.

Job 34:13 who has made all the earth ? and who has made all the earth ?

Job 34:14 if he wanted to remove his spirit and keep his spirit back with him,

Job 34:15 then every human body will be enough, and the food will turn into the stof.

Job 34:16 if you are instructed, listen to this, listen to my words.

Job 34:17 will you see the one who hates evil ? will you have revealed the righteous one who is righteous ?

Job 34:18 " the evil one who says to the king : ' reject the rulers ! '

Job 34:19 he does not be difficult of the proclaimed, nor knows honor to the workers, their face will be astonished.

Job 34:20 they will be abandoned, the message of a man will be abandoned, and foolishness are destroyed with impossible.

Job 34:21 for his eyes are the deeds of human deeds, and he see all his deeds.

Job 34:22 there is no place or there is no place for the one who practices evil.

Job 34:23 for he will not leave him always for a man, if he reject god with him.

Job 34:24 he takes away uncertainly and perform wonders on them.

Job 34:25 he knows their deeds and rejects them in the night, and they are humble.

Job 34:26 he sees the immoral people in his presence.

Job 34:27 because they turned away from his law and did not recognize his deeds.

Job 34:28 so that the rop of the poor brought to him, and he heard the rop of the poor.

Job 34:29 if he refuses, who will be condemned ? if he secrees his face, who will see him ? as a nation or a person,

Job 34:30 he reign a hypocrite man from the district of the people.

Job 34:31 for to the powerful, who says, " i have received, i will not receive it ! "

Job 34:32 do not see me, show me if i have done unrighteousness, i will never repay it. '

Job 34:33 will you give it back from your own authority ? you have rejected it, but not i. speak, what you know ?

Job 34:34 wise people will say to me, wise man who listens to me :

Job 34:35 " job speaks without intelligence, and his words are without intelligence. "

Job 34:36 let job be revealed to your respect, because he is like the foolish people.

Job 34:37 for he suffers to our sins, he is proclaimed among us, speaking many words before god. "

Job 35:1 elihu answered,

Job 35:2 " do you say this in judgment, if you say, ' i am right before god ' s right ? '

Job 35:3 " do you say, ' what should i do sinner ?

Job 35:4 i will answer you and your friends with you. "

Job 35:5 look at heaven and see ! look at the heavens, it is high than you.

Job 35:6 if you have sinned, what can you do ? if you have transgressed many things, what can you do ?

Job 35:7 if you are righteous, what can you give him ? what will he receive from your hand ?

Job 35:8 your transgression is with a man like you, and your righteousness is a son ' s son.

Job 35:9 from the ground of suffering they shouts, they call out of many arms.

Job 35:10 but no one says, ' where is god, my creattor, who practices guards in the night,

Job 35:11 he brings me more than the food of the earth and than the wild birds.

Job 35:12 there they call out, but he respondes, because of the arrogance of the evil people.

Job 35:13 for god is not desire to see, the all-powerful does not see it.

Job 35:14 if you say that you cannot repay him, you are in his presence that you cannot praise him.

Job 35:15 but now because his wrath is not revealed, and he does not understand anything of transgression,

Job 35:16 so hiob ' s mouth openes his mouth and greater words with ignorance. "

Job 36:1 then elihu added and said,

Job 36:2 remain me for a little while i will teach you, because i am still to god.

Job 36:3 i will take my confidence from a far from far, and i will say what is right to me.

Job 36:4 you will understand the false words of truth and not unrighteousness.

Job 36:5 look, god is healthy, but does not reject the innocent. he is a powerful power.

Job 36:6 he will not live away, but will give the right of the poor.

Job 36:7 he does not leave his eyes from the righteous, but on the throne he will sit with kings into the throne, and they will be exalted.

Job 36:8 if they are thrown in chains, they will be thrown in the stricts of affliction,

Job 36:9 then he proclaimed to them their deeds and their transgressions that they are strengthened.

Job 36:10 he will listen to the righteous, he says, " they will turn back from evil. "

Job 36:11 if they listen and serve them, they will finish their days in good and their years in praise.

Job 36:12 but if they do not respect, they will be killed because they do not know.

Job 36:13 the hypocrites of heart reject wrath, they do not call to call because he caused them.

Job 36:14 they are going to death in their jeught, and their life is destroyed by angels.

Job 36:15 he will destroy the weak and humble, and he reject the right judgment.

Job 36:16 then he deceives you again from the mouth of the enemies, above it the abyss, and your table was full of frunk.

Job 36:17 the judgment is not abandoned from justice ?

Job 36:18 let the anger be enough against the transgression, and the gift that they keep on unrighteousness will be rejected.

Job 36:19 will your supplice come to you in distress, whether you are impossible, and all the strengthening power ?

Job 36:20 do not destroy the night when the peoples go up in their place !

Job 36:21 hold attention to what is ungodly, for this is what you have rejected from affliction.

Job 36:22 look, god is strengthened in his power. who is a held like he ?

Job 36:23 who asked him : ' you have done unjustice ? ' and who will say, ' you have done unrighteousness ? '

Job 36:24 remember that his works is great, that people calling him.

Job 36:25 all people can see about him, all people can see it.

Job 36:26 look, god is great, and we will not know, the number of his years is always.

Job 36:27 he broke collects of the rain, and they spread rain in a cloud.

Job 36:28 the food is revealed, the darkness clothes over the encouragement, so that the beast produces something, and they understand a lail in the break of the clothing. but by all these things your heart is not revealed, and your heart does not destroy from the body. "

Job 36:29 if he takes knowledge of the cloud, the ruin of his tabernacle,

Job 36:30 look, he extends light on him and reveles the radies of the sea.

Job 36:31 for by them he judges the peoples and give food in strengthening.

Job 36:32 he revears the light with his hands and commands him to deceive it.

Job 36:33 his friend proclaides for him, his possessions produces their possessions. "

Job 37:1 for this reason my heart is greatly distressed and destroyed from its place.

Job 37:2 listen, listen, what comes out of his voice, and the ground that comes out of his mouth.

Job 37:3 he leads it down to all the heavens, his light to the extremits of the earth.

Job 37:4 after him he call out with a voice, he grows with his loud voice. he will not lead them, because he listens to his voice.

Job 37:5 god brings wonderly with his voice, he does great things that we do not understand.

Job 37:6 he proclaimed to the new, ' be on the earth ! '

Job 37:7 he sealed in the hand of every human hand, so that everyone may know his weak.

Job 37:8 the beast can come into his bed, and remain in his leading.

Job 37:9 from the east comes destroy, from the east is destroyed.

Job 37:10 by god ' s spirition the root brings, and the flood of the waters bears.

Job 37:11 he deceives the clock, he scatters the light of his light.

Job 37:12 they are around around him according to his desire, to accomplish everything he commands them over on the extremme of the earth.

Job 37:13 he will bring it for discipline or to his land or for mercy.

Job 37:14 listen to this, job ! stand up, instruct the power of god !

Job 37:15 do you know that god has made his works and put his light out of the darkness ?

Job 37:16 you know the knowledge of the clouds, the other places of evil ?

Job 37:17 the clothing of your clothing, when it remains in the earth ?

Job 37:18 can you make strengthening him with him, who is strengthened like a scroll ?

Job 37:19 bring me to say what we should say to him. we will have a large constance.

Job 37:20 is that a scroll of the experts in the law is standing before me ?

Job 37:21 but any of them is not able to see the light that lives in the clouds of the darkness.

Job 37:22 from the east comes a golden object, the glory of the all-powerful is great.

Job 37:23 the one who practice justice does not find another, he is like his power, and the righteous judgment he does not listen to them.

Job 37:24 therefore people will fear him, he will not be afraid of the wise heart. "

Job 38:1 then the lord said to job through a storm and said,

Job 38:2 " who is this who secrees my intelligent with speaking words ?

Job 38:3 " put your heads like a man ! i will ask you, and you should ask me.

Job 38:4 where were you when i fonded the earth ? tell me if you have knowledge.

Job 38:5 who made its measure if you know ? or who has brought a scroll on it ?

Job 38:6 whose bases were broken up, and who has put the cornerstone on it,

Job 38:7 when the stars greed with loud voice, all god ' s angels shouted with loud voice ?

Job 38:8 and who stopped the sea with ports when it gathered out from birth ?

Job 38:9 when i put the light to it with a clothing, and a flock of the clothes of it.

Job 38:10 when i put a region for her, i put clothing and ports.

Job 38:11 and said, ' until this time you will come, and you will not go along, and you will think your wells. '

Job 38:12 have you proclaimed a light to the morning, have you revealed the morning his place,

Job 38:13 to help the vinger of the earth and scatter the immoral from it ?

Job 38:14 you have broken the ground of the clothing, and in the ground they ground in the ground.

Job 38:15 the immoral people will destroy his light, and the arrogant arm you destroy.

Job 38:16 have you come to the flesh of the sea, and walked on the flesh of the abyss ?

Job 38:17 have the ports of death revealed to you ? saw you the gates of the hades ?

Job 38:18 have you understood the bread of the earth ? tell me if you know what it is.

Job 38:19 where is the light to spend the light ? where is darkness ?

Job 38:20 if you bring me to their region and understand the pates of their country ?

Job 38:21 you know that then you were born, and your years number is great !

Job 38:22 have you come into the treases of cloak, and saw the treases of the hail ?

Job 38:23 that i am rejected to the time of enemie, to the day of battle and battle ?

Job 38:24 from where does the sword go or the west of the wind spread into the earth ?

Job 38:25 who has prepared a rain for the rain, and the road of the clothing,

Job 38:26 to grunder on a town without a man, on a wilderness where there is no man,

Job 38:27 to destroy a wilderness and the wilderness, and produce a produce of flock ?

Job 38:28 is the reason a father, and who has planted the women of the rosh ?

Job 38:29 from whose mouth comes the scroll, and who has planted the rod of heaven ?

Job 38:30 the mouth springs down like water, and the flesh of the abyss suffers.

Job 38:31 show you knowledge of greater bones ? have you opened the gathering of the region ?

Job 38:32 can you open the scroll in his time, or bring you them in the afternoon with his villages ?

Job 38:33 do you recognize the racks of heaven ? you know the earth in the earth ?

Job 38:34 do you call out his voice to the mountain, and the flock of waters will obey you ?

Job 38:35 will you send out corners and go, and they will say, ' here is there ? "

Job 38:36 who gave knowledge the wisdom, and who gave knowledge knowledge ?

Job 38:37 who knows the clouds with wisdom, and who leads the heavens to the ground,

Job 38:38 if the stof is thrown up like a ground, the ground gathered it up ?

Job 38:39 will you read the food for the lew, and will satine the soul of the dragles ?

Job 38:40 if they put down in their labor, and put down in their lives ?

Job 38:41 who prepares for a girl his food, because his women call out to god, deceiving their food ?

Job 39:1 do you know the time of the rocks of the rock, or are you beached the bears of the women ?

Job 39:2 has you completed many months that are full of food ? or are you completed their knowledge ?

Job 39:3 they destroy their children, threw their kinds outside.

Job 39:4 their children grow in the ground, they will go out, and they will never return to them.

Job 39:5 who has left the wild oil free ? who has released the prisoners of the wild oil ?

Job 39:6 for i put his region in a wilderness and the wilderness for his wonders ?

Job 39:7 he smear the large group of the city, and he does not listen to the opportunity.

Job 39:8 he reject the mountains of his weidement and look for every ground.

Job 39:9 is it willing to serve you only, or put it down on your cross ?

Job 39:10 don ' t you leave his yoke in a boot, to bread the wilderns on your ground ?

Job 39:11 do you confident him because his power is great, and can you give him your work ?

Job 39:12 will you believe that he will repay you your seed and bring it into your dresser ?

Job 39:13 is a clotely divided, divided the wild and the nessa ?

Job 39:14 for she lives its tows into the ground and throws it into the stof.

Job 39:15 he has rejected that food will scorp, and the field of the field will suffer.

Job 39:16 he has endured her children without fear, he has destroyed without fear, without fear.

Job 39:17 for god has rejected her wisdom and did not give her knowledge.

Job 39:18 whenever he is high, he requires for the heat and his swear.

Job 39:19 you have put a power to the heiph, clothing on his neck with fear ?

Job 39:20 has you put up to him with full honor ? and is the glory of his moundation ?

Job 39:21 he suffers with power in the region of golan and brings with power into the ground.

Job 39:22 he suffers in confidence, he does not turn away from the iron hand.

Job 39:23 there is bound the bound and the sword.

Job 39:24 he insults the earth with wrath, and he does not believe until the trumpet calls.

Job 39:25 the passing of the trumpet says, " aha ! " he rebues the battle from the distance, with true and weeping.

Job 39:26 lives out of your believers, speaking his vinger to the west of the west ?

Job 39:27 is it to your instruction the arend exalts up, ground on his sick ?

Job 39:28 knowledge of rock and difficult.

Job 39:29 from the journey he look for the food, his eyes see from the distance.

Job 39:30 his women destroy blood, and where they are dead, there it is. "

Job 40:1 then god said to job,

Job 40:2 will a confidence deceive with a great ? the contempt of god will repay it.

Job 40:3 then job answered the lord and said,

Job 40:4 " look i ! what will i repay ? i put my hand on my mouth.

Job 40:5 i have spoken for a second time, and in the second time i will not repay.

Job 40:6 then the lord answered job from the mountain and said,

Job 40:7 " put yourself up like a man ! i will ask you, and you say to me.

Job 40:8 do you recognize my judgment ? do you understand me so that you may be righteous ?

Job 40:9 do you have a braff like god, or have a voice like him ?

Job 40:10 put up with honor and power, put up with glory and honor !

Job 40:11 send his wrath out of his wrath, and humble all the arrogant people.

Job 40:12 leave the ungodly household and throw the immoral people immediately.

Job 40:13 set them together into the ground together, and make their faces with dishonor.

Job 40:14 then i will confess that your right hand is able to save.

Job 40:15 look, there is a beast with you. he eat food like food.

Job 40:16 look, his power is on his heads, his power on his mouth.

Job 40:17 he reveads the scroll like a chip, his secrees gathered.

Job 40:18 his knowledges are like copers of bronze, his clothes as clow of iron.

Job 40:19 however, this is the beginning of god ' s plan.

Job 40:20 for the wild wild mounts they spend the wild birds in the wild wildings.

Job 40:21 he lives in the clothing of the trees, at the row and the row.

Job 40:22 belongs on him ground of great trees, the clothes of the wild ground.

Job 40:23 if he refuses, he does not recognize, he confides that the jordan river in his mouth.

Job 40:24 will he take him in his own eye, bringing him in his own eye ?

Job 41:1 if you spend the smokle with a fletter, you will put a fletter on his finger.

Job 41:2 may you spend it in his number, if you put a clow in his next, and put a clow in his neck ?

Job 41:3 he will be difficulty with district, he will proclaim to you suffering.

Job 41:4 he will be experienced with you, and you will make him as a eternal servant ?

Job 41:5 you will spend him with various clothing, and you will spend him like a birds or gathering him with your children ?

Job 41:6 in the clothing of the clothing, the gentiles will make him in possessions of palm.

Job 41:7 he will be districted with him, so that he does not put the cup of his clothes, or the head of his head with large boot ?

Job 41:8 when you think it, you must put your hand to him. remember the battle that has happened in his body, and no longer happen.

Job 41:9 as a experience, you have not seen him ; what is saying, it is difficult.

Job 41:10 as a district of it is being prepared. who is then who stood before me ?

Job 41:11 it is knowledge and who will stand to me ? whatever is under heaven, it is my.

Job 41:12 in the night i will not be silent for his behalf, by his power and wealth of his money.

Job 41:13 when it is enough, who can reveat his clothing, and who will enter it in the clothes of his spifts ?

Job 41:14 who can open the door of his mouth ? around his teeth is fear.

Job 41:15 his gifts are difficult, suffering like mugge of hard clothes.

Job 41:16 there is different for the other, but no spirit will pass away by it.

Job 41:17 thus each of them is suffering to each other, they are assembled, so that they will not be rejected.

Job 41:18 it is experienced light with light, but his eyes are like the morning of the morning.

Job 41:19 living lamps come out of his mouth, a flock of fire burns out from his mouth.

Job 41:20 in the district of his flasses comes smoke from a fierce officering fire.

Job 41:21 his soul lives in fire, and a flamm comes out of his mouth.

Job 41:22 such power is passed in his neck, destruction trees before him.

Job 41:23 it is in a different flesh, but the body of his body suffers on it, so that it will never be shaken.

Job 41:24 his heart is difficult as a stone, he is gathered like a wild stone.

Job 41:25 whenever he is returned, there are fear of food in the land of foreigners.

Job 41:26 in the wilderness, if a message comes to help him, there is no spill, the spiting, and a pander.

Job 41:27 he practice the iron stroh as a stroh, the bask like a gracious tree,

Job 41:28 suddenly the bound will not destroy him, the row of food will lead it along.

Job 41:29 it is regard as a scroll as a stopp, the bear of wearing will destroy it.

Job 41:30 in the district of the district of district belonging to it.

Job 41:31 it produces the abyss like a fever and gather the sea like a scroll.

Job 41:32 in the respect of the flashes of the abyss, the abyss lives as a flock.

Job 41:33 since there is something in the earth, there is no something like it. he has been revealed to it.

Job 41:34 it is high king over all high places, but he is king of all the things in the water.

Job 42:1 then job answered the lord and said,

Job 42:2 i know that you were able to understand, and your power is impossible for you.

Job 42:3 " who is the one who secrees your constance ? " so then, i said what i did not know, great things that i did not understand.

Job 42:4 listen, and i will speak ; i will ask you, and you will teach me.

Job 42:5 i have heard about you the message of a ear, but now my eye has seen you.

Job 42:6 therefore i am difficult and insult in the ground and a bask.

Job 42:7 after the lord spoke these words to job, the lord said to eliphas the teman, " my anger is against you and your two friends, for you did not speak true before me like my servant job.

Job 42:8 now now take seven oxes and seven rams and go to my servant job and offer for your behalf for your behalf. my servant job will pray for you, for i will accept his face, so that i would not reject you because you did not say what is true as my servant job. "

Job 42:9 so eliphaz the teman, bildad the suhita and sofar the naamatita went and did what the lord had told them. and the lord repaid job.

Job 42:10 when he prayed for his friends, the lord gave job for his friends while he prayed for his friends. and the lord gave job dubble whatever he had before.

Job 42:11 then all his brothers and sisters and all who were knowledge from the first time came to him, eaten with him in his house and incouraged him for all the things the lord had tried against him. each one gave him a kepe and each one golden gold.

Job 42:12 now the lord blessed the last time of job more than the first, and he was four thousand sheep sheep, sex thousand camels, a thousand yogs and 1000 esels.

Job 42:13 he became seven sons and three daughters.

Job 42:14 the first name he named jemima, the second casia, and the third keren-happuch.

Job 42:15 in the whole land there were no greater daughter like the daughters of job throughout the earth. and their father gave them a erefit among their brothers.

Job 42:16 after this job leved a hundred and foventy-eight years. then job saw his sons and his children, a fourth generation.

Job 42:17 but job mored, but he rested asa ' s descendant ( his name is eliphas, the king of talir, the king of zodad, the king of zodad, the king of zodad, the king of codad, the ruling council of moab ( he was the ruler king of moab ).

Psalms 1:1 blessed is the one who does not follow the council of the ungodly and does not stand on the way of sinners and does not sit on the sitting of imprisoners.

Psalms 1:2 but his will is in the law of the lord, and he practices his law day and night.

Psalms 1:3 he will be like a tree planted by the waters of water, who produces his fruit in his time, and his branch will never destroy, and everything he does will be revealed.

Psalms 1:4 so not so the ungodly. they are like a harm that the wind throws from the face of the earth.

Psalms 1:5 for this reason the immoral will not stand in judgment, nor sinners in the country of the righteous.

Psalms 1:6 for the lord knows the way of righteous, but the way of the impii are perishing.

Psalms 2:1 why are the nations destroyed, and the peoples arrest unclean things ?

Psalms 2:2 the kings of the earth stood together, and the rulers assemble together, against the lord and against his christ, saying,

Psalms 2:3 " let us tore the chains of them, and let us throw their yocks from us ! "

Psalms 2:4 the one who lives in heaven will reil, the lord will stimp them.

Psalms 2:5 then he will speak to them in his anger, with his wrath he destroy them :

Psalms 2:6 " i have made my king over zion, my holy mountain. "

Psalms 2:7 i will proclaim the instruction. the lord said to me, " you are my son, today i have fathered you. "

Psalms 2:8 ask me, and i will give you nations in possession and the end of the earth to your possession.

Psalms 2:9 you will break them with a iron rod, thus you will broke them like a corners. "

Psalms 2:10 and now, kings, understand, you judges, you judges of the earth !

Psalms 2:11 serve the lord with fear and rejoice with trembling.

Psalms 2:12 remain the son so that he may not anger and you do not perish on the way, because his anger will burn quicghly. blessed are all who hope on him !

Psalms 3:1 a salvation of david, when he died from his son absalom. in the journey, lord, what many of my enemies are many who stand against me !

Psalms 3:2 many people say to my life, " there is no salvation for him in his god. "

Psalms 3:3 " for you, o lord, you are my roof ! you are my glory, and you exalted my head.

Psalms 3:4 i call out my voice to god, and he answered me from his holy mountain.

Psalms 3:5 i am fallen along, i fell down, and i was raised, for the lord suffers to me.

Psalms 3:6 i will not be afraid of thousing of the people around all around around me.

Psalms 3:7 get up, lord, save me, my god ! for you have strupped all my enemies, you have break the teeth of the impies.

Psalms 3:8 in the appearing of the lord is salvation, and your blessing be over your people.

Psalms 4:1 to the chormester.with psalms. a psalm of david. whenever i call, listen to me, god of my righteousness ! because in suffering you sent it to me. wait mercy on me and listen to my prayer.

Psalms 4:2 you, people of human hearts, how long will you be honored ? how long will you love ungodly, and look for false ? ( sela. )

Psalms 4:3 " you will be generous, and you will know that the lord has performed his holy person. the lord will obey me when i call to him.

Psalms 4:4 just as you are indignant and do not sin, say in your hearts and bed. ( sela. )

Psalms 4:5 you will make the sacrifice of righteousness, and hope in the lord.

Psalms 4:6 many of them say, " who will show us good ? " lord, remain on us the light of your face, lord.

Psalms 4:7 you have given great joy in my heart than the time of their wheat and most and their olive oil.

Psalms 4:8 i will be trying with peace together, and i will be something something, because you, lord, live me trying in hope.

Psalms 5:1 to the chormember : " salmo of david ! " may you see what i say. listen, lord, and understand my call !

Psalms 5:2 listen to the voice of my supplice, my king and my god, for i pray to you.

Psalms 5:3 on the morning you will listen to my voice, early in the morning i will look for you, and i will expect.

Psalms 5:4 you think that you are not a god who desires lawlessness, and the evil one will not live among you.

Psalms 5:5 the rebellion will not stand before you, you hates all those who practice lawlessness.

Psalms 5:6 you will perish all those who speak false, the lord abominates the man of blood and false.

Psalms 5:7 " in the weak of your great mercy, i will enter your house and worship with fear to your holy temple.

Psalms 5:8 indeed, lord, lead me in your righteousness, because of my enemies. put your way before me.

Psalms 5:9 they think that in their mouth there is no truth, their hearts are foolishness. their graf is open graf, they complete with their tongues.

Psalms 5:10 thus you must judge them, o god ! they will fall away from their defense. bring them out by their large transgressions, because they rebelled against you.

Psalms 5:11 let all who refuse in you will rejoice and rejoice ; you will rejoice in them, and all who love your name will boast in you.

Psalms 5:12 you think that you, lord, praise the righteous, you make our pleasure like a serpent.

Psalms 6:1 to the chormember. in instruments to the musice. with instruments to the musice. a psalm of david. lord, do not punish me in your wrath, or discipline me in your wrath !

Psalms 6:2 here, be mercy on me, for i am weak ! heal me, lord, for my bears are distressed.

Psalms 6:3 indeed, my soul is greatly distressed, but you, lord, how long ?

Psalms 6:4 keep back, lord, save my life, save me because of your mercy !

Psalms 6:5 you think that in death there is no remember of you, and who will confess you in the sheol ?

Psalms 6:6 whenever i have labored in my suffering, i make my bed each night for each night, and i will break my bed with my tears.

Psalms 6:7 in the appearing of all my enemies my eye is difficulted because of all my enemies.

Psalms 6:8 keep away from me, all people of lawlessness, for the lord has heard the voice of my weeping.

Psalms 6:9 for the lord has heard my supplice, the lord receives my prayer.

Psalms 6:10 all my enemies will be ashamed and ashamed, all my enemies will be ashamed. they will turn back and be ashamed.

Psalms 7:1 a salvation of david that he gave to the lord for the words of husai the benjamini. i hope to you. save me from all those who persecute me and save me !

Psalms 7:2 it is like a lew, so that he will strike my life like a lion, if there is no releating.

Psalms 7:3 here my god, if i have done this, if there is unrighteousness in my hands,

Psalms 7:4 " if i repaid evil to those who reconciled me, if i would fall from my enemies with nothing,

Psalms 7:5 let the enemy persecuting my life and persecute me, threw my life into the earth, and make my glory into the stof. ( sela. )

Psalms 7:6 in the result, get up, lord, in your wrath ! be exalted by the rebellion of my enemies ! stand up, my god, in the instruction that you ordered.

Psalms 7:7 let the group of the people around around you, and keep back to the high place for these people.

Psalms 7:8 " for the lord judges the peoples. judge me, lord, according to my righteousness and my innocence on me.

Psalms 7:9 the evil ones of the imrighteous will be completed, but you will confidence the righteous, for you who experience hearts and clues !

Psalms 7:10 for my suffering is from god, who save those who are rectled with heart.

Psalms 7:11 god is a righteous judge, a righteous judge, who reject me every day.

Psalms 7:12 whenever you does not return, he calls his sword, he spands his bound and prepares it.

Psalms 7:13 in him he has prepared something of death, he prepares his picks.

Psalms 7:14 suffering, ungodly difficult, she receives confliction and produces lawlessness.

Psalms 7:15 if he grow a cistery, he causes it down, and falls into the grow he has done.

Psalms 7:16 his wrong will turn over him on the head of him, and his unjustice descendes on his top.

Psalms 7:17 i will praise the lord according to his righteousness, and i will praise the name of the lord, the most high.

Psalms 8:1 on the musice of the musice. salmo of david. look, lord our lord, how great is your name throughout the earth, because you has brought your majesty over the heavens !

Psalms 8:2 from the mouth of little children and difficuls you have prepared your praise because of your enemies, to destroy the enemie and the destruction.

Psalms 8:3 you will see that i will see the heavens, the works of your finger, the moon and the stars you have performed,

Psalms 8:4 what is a person that you remember him, or the son of man that you accuse him ?

Psalms 8:5 you have made him little than angels for a little while, and you put him down with glory and honor.

Psalms 8:6 you put him over for the works of your hands, you put all things under his feet.

Psalms 8:7 you spend all sheep and bews, and also the birds of the field,

Psalms 8:8 the wild birds and the fish of the sea, all who are passing by the road of the sea.

Psalms 8:9 " in the same way, o lord our lord, how great is your name in all the earth !

Psalms 9:1 to the chormeer : " for the son of the son ". a psalm of david. when i see, i will praise the lord with all my heart, i will proclaim about all your wonders.

Psalms 9:2 in you i will rejoice and rejoice in you, i will praise your name, you most high.

Psalms 9:3 if my enemies turn back, they will fall and perish from your presence.

Psalms 9:4 you think my judgment and my defense, you sit on a throne, you who judge righteousness.

Psalms 9:5 you have rejected the nations, you have rejected the ungodly, you have destroyed their name forever and ever.

Psalms 9:6 against the enemy of the enemy the sword have completed forever, you have destroyed the cities, their memorial is perishted with them.

Psalms 9:7 the lord remains forever, he has prepared his throne for judgment.

Psalms 9:8 he will also judge the world with righteousness, he will judge the peoples with right.

Psalms 9:9 thus the lord is a roof for the poor, a help in the times of suffering.

Psalms 9:10 they will be confident in you those who know your name, because you do not forgive those who cause you, lord.

Psalms 9:11 " indeed, praise to the lord, who lives in zion, proclaim among the nations his deeds !

Psalms 9:12 it is doing that when he seek the blood he remembers, he does not reject the rop of the poor.

Psalms 9:13 " be mercy on me, lord, see my affliction from my enemies, who exalts me from the gates of death,

Psalms 9:14 just as i will proclaim all your praise in the gates of the daughter of zion. i will rejoice in your salvation.

Psalms 9:15 because the nations were imprisoned in the ground they had done, their feet were taken in the strick they had hidden.

Psalms 9:16 for the lord is experienced the judgment of the judgment. the impie is taken in the works of his hands.

Psalms 9:17 the impii will turn back into the hades, all the nations who forgives god.

Psalms 9:18 for the poor will not be rejected for all time, the endurance of the poor will never perish.

Psalms 9:19 " here, stand up ! let no person be strengthened, the gentiles should be judged before you.

Psalms 9:20 listen to them, lord, fear them. let the gentiles know that they are people.

Psalms 10:1 o lord, why do you stand from a distance ? why are you abandoned in the time of suffering ?

Psalms 10:2 for the impii, when the impii is arrogant, the poor will be destroyed. they will be taken together in the thoughts they think.

Psalms 10:3 the evil person is revealed to the desire of his life, and the one who practices the ungodly insults.

Psalms 10:4 the evil man, by his great wrath, does not require god. in his presence there is there there there is no god.

Psalms 10:5 his ways are difficulty in every time. your judgments are abandoned before him, and he reject all his enemies.

Psalms 10:6 he says in his heart : " i will never be shaken, from generation to generation i will never destroy.

Psalms 10:7 his mouth is full of difficulty, his mouth is full of bitterness and deceit, and evil and evil is under his tongue.

Psalms 10:8 he practices the ungodly in the clothing, to kill the innocent in secrees. his eyes see the poor.

Psalms 10:9 in the secret, he lives in a secret, like a leeu in his scroll. he lives to destroy the poor. he causes the poor in his scroll.

Psalms 10:10 when he lives in his strick, he humbles, fall and fall because the poor of the fathered fall.

Psalms 10:11 he says in his heart : " god has forgiven, he has turned his face, he does not see along. "

Psalms 10:12 just as you are generous, get up, lord god ! exalt your hand ! do not forgive the poor !

Psalms 10:13 for why does the evil person destroy god ? he says in his heart : " you will not look ! "

Psalms 10:14 you are able to see it, because you see hard and hardly, to give them in your hand. the poor man remains to you, you are the help to the orfyn.

Psalms 10:15 you will think the arms of the impie and evil, look for his sin, but no longer will be found.

Psalms 10:16 the lord will reignly reign for ever and ever, the nations will be divided from his country.

Psalms 10:17 you will think the desire of the poor, lord, you prepares their hearts, you cause your orecing.

Psalms 10:18 however, it will be different to judge the orfer and humble, so that no one who is on the earth will not be enough.

Psalms 11:1 to the musice of the musice. a psalm of david. i hope in the lord. how can you say to my life, " go up to your mountains like a fil ?

Psalms 11:2 you think that the sinners spend his bound, they put his picks into the bound to strike out of the darkness those who are rectig in the heart.

Psalms 11:3 because the hell are abandoned, what can the righteous do ?

Psalms 11:4 the lord is in his holy temple, the lord is in his throne in heaven, his eyes see, his seigles read the people.

Psalms 11:5 the lord reject the righteous, but the ungodly and the one who loves unrighteousness hates his own life.

Psalms 11:6 against the sinners he will spend lacks on the impies, fire, sulfur, and a storm wind will be the part of their cup.

Psalms 11:7 he is righteous, because the lord is righteous, he loves justice, and the rective see his face.

Psalms 12:1 on the musice of the musice. about the eighth psalm of david. expect me, lord ! for the saints are destroyed, the true things are weared from the people.

Psalms 12:2 each one speaks false speaking to his neighbor, they speak with false lips, speaking with a single heart.

Psalms 12:3 " the lord will destroy all the false lips, the arrogant tongue.

Psalms 12:4 those who say, ' we make our tongue great, our lips are against us. who is the lord for us ? "

Psalms 12:5 because of the destruction of the poor and the suffering of the poor, now i will rise again, says the lord. i will make him in salvation, i will speak out of him. "

Psalms 12:6 " the words of the lord are unclean words : silver, cleared for the earth, seven times purified.

Psalms 12:7 just as you, lord, guard us, and you will keep us away from this generation and forever.

Psalms 12:8 the sexually immoral people walk around all around. in the high ground you have revealed the people.

Psalms 13:1 for the musice of the musice. a psalm of david. how much longer, lord, will you forgive me ? how long will you keep your face to me ?

Psalms 13:2 " for how long, how much longer must i make my confidence in my heart every day ? how much longer my enemy will be exalted against me ?

Psalms 13:3 here my god, listen to me, listen to me, lord my god ! let my eyes light, so that i will not suffer to death.

Psalms 13:4 let my enemy not say, ' i have been strengthened to him, ' that my enemies will rejoice if i am shaken.

Psalms 13:5 i am confident, but i hope for your mercy, my heart will rejoice over your salvation.

Psalms 13:6 i will praise to the lord because he has done me good, and i will praise the name of the lord, the most high.

Psalms 14:1 for the musice of the musice. a psalm of david. the fool says in his heart, " there is no god ! " they threw unclean things, there is no one who does good.

Psalms 14:2 " the lord respect from heaven to see if there is anyone who is intelligent, who seek god.

Psalms 14:3 they all turn away, they are conflicted together. there is no one who does good. their gate is open, their gate is open with their tongue. their mouth are under their tongues, their feet are full of destruction. they have not known the way of peace. there is no fear of god before their eyes.

Psalms 14:4 " all the ungodly workers of evil will not know ? they eat my people like bread, and they do not call on the lord.

Psalms 14:5 they will be terrified there, because god is in the generation of righteous generation.

Psalms 14:6 in the law of the poor you will be ashamed, but the lord is his hope.

Psalms 14:7 the salvation of israel will come from zion. when god returns his people captive, jacob will rejoice, israel will rejoice.

Psalms 15:1 a psalm of david. lord, who will remain in your tent ? who will live on your holy mountain ?

Psalms 15:2 the one who live innocent and does righteousness that is right and speaking the truth in his heart.

Psalms 15:3 he does not acknowledge with his tongue or does evil to his neighbor, and does not take ensult against his neighbor.

Psalms 15:4 in his eyes the evil person is rejected, but honor those who fear the lord, the one who swears by his neighbor and does not destroy.

Psalms 15:5 he does not give his money for better and does not take gifts against ungodly. the one who does these things will never be shaken.

Psalms 16:1 of david. beware me, o god, for i hope on you.

Psalms 16:2 i will say to the lord, " you are my lord, you have no need for my good.

Psalms 16:3 i will be difficult to the saints in the land, for all my pleasure is in them.

Psalms 16:4 in the same way, they will be great weak of their weak. i will not bring their offerings from blood or will remember their name in my lips.

Psalms 16:5 the lord will give me the part of my possession and my cup, because you reject my inheritance for me.

Psalms 16:6 indeed, in the large group they have fallen over me, so that my possession is greater for me.

Psalms 16:7 in the same way i will praise the lord, who made me knowledge ; even in the night my clouds discipline me.

Psalms 16:8 i love the lord always before me, because he is at my right hand, i will not be shaken.

Psalms 16:9 in this way my heart is glad, because my heart is glad and my tongue rejoice, even my body will live trying.

Psalms 16:10 you will be in this way, because you will not leave my life into the hades, nor permit your holy one to experience decay.

Psalms 16:11 you will make me known the way of life. there is joy in your presence, great joy is on your right hand for all times.

Psalms 17:1 listen to the prayer of david. lord, listen to what i pray ! listen to my prayer, listen to my prayer, not with false lips !

Psalms 17:2 let my judgment come out of your presence ! may your eyes see what is right.

Psalms 17:3 you have insulted my hearts, you contempted me in the night, you warned me, but you did not find anything in my hand.

Psalms 17:4 i am different, so that my mouth does not speak to human acts. for the words of your lips i observed the way of hard.

Psalms 17:5 for my passes are different in your gates, so that my passes will not be shaken.

Psalms 17:6 as long as i am, i call out, for you will answer me, god. neach my oor to me and listen to my words.

Psalms 17:7 make great mercy to your mercy, you who save those who hope on you from those who stand at your right hand.

Psalms 17:8 reject me as a tree of the eye, reject me in the shadow of your vinger.

Psalms 17:9 i will be difficult for the evil ones who destroy me, for my enemies who reject my life.

Psalms 17:10 they have completed their flesh, they speak arrogance with their mouth.

Psalms 17:11 when they are already throwing us out, they object us, they put their eyes to put down to the ground.

Psalms 17:12 they are like a lew gathered to destroy, like a lew who reside in secrees.

Psalms 17:13 in the journey, stand up, lord, come before them, put him down ! save my life from the impii with your sword,

Psalms 17:14 " look, lord, from the little people, from the people of the earth ! repay them in their life, and replete their builds with your builds, they are satisfied, and they left remains to their children.

Psalms 17:15 i will be suffering in righteousness, but i will see your face in righteousness, and i will be satisfied when i appeares.

Psalms 18:1 to the musice, to the musice, to the lord, the lord, who said to the lord the words of this joy on the day the lord saved him from the hand of all his enemies and from saul ' s hand, and he said, " i love you, lord, my strength ! "

Psalms 18:2 for the lord is my burder, my roof, my refuser, my roof, my roof, my roof, in whom i hope, my scuter, the horn of my salvation, my roof.

Psalms 18:3 " i will call to the practice of praise, and i will be saved from my enemies.

Psalms 18:4 lives of death objected me, and the torrens of lawlessness spread me.

Psalms 18:5 the doubles of the hades walked around me, the stricts of death arrested me.

Psalms 18:6 in my suffering i called the lord and i call to my god. he heard my voice from his temple, and my rop came before him in his ears.

Psalms 18:7 the earth was trembling and trembling, the earth became trembling, the foundation of the mountains were trembling, and they were trembling because god was indigned against them.

Psalms 18:8 suddenly smoke ascended in his wrath, and a fire from his presence destroyed, and charges destroyed from him.

Psalms 18:9 he stopped heaven and stopped heaven, and a donkness was under his feet.

Psalms 18:10 he stopped on a cherub and bread, he stopped on the vinger of the wind.

Psalms 18:11 he produced darkness and made a darkness around him, his tabernacle around him, darkness of water, clouds of air.

Psalms 18:12 in his presence, the clouds of the clouds that was before him, divided the clouds, hail, and flames of fire.

Psalms 18:13 the lord fell from heaven, and the most high gave his voice.

Psalms 18:14 in the order he extended his picks and separed them. he increased many flashes and destroyed them.

Psalms 18:15 by your refutions the fondements of the waters appeared, and the foundation of the world appeared because of your completion, lord, from the wind of your wrath.

Psalms 18:16 immediately he sent out from high and took me, he took me out from many waters.

Psalms 18:17 he will rescue me from my great enemies, and from those who hated me, because they were greater than i am.

Psalms 18:18 they happened to me before me in the day of my affliction, but the lord was my stop.

Psalms 18:19 he lives me out and led me out to the street, he will rescue me, because he wanted to me. he will save me from my great enemies, from those who hates me.

Psalms 18:20 for the lord repay me according to my righteousness, according to my purity he will repay me.

Psalms 18:21 i think that i have obeyed the way of the lord and have not rejected ungodly from my god.

Psalms 18:22 i am doing that all his judgments were before me, and i have not rejected his commandments.

Psalms 18:23 i will be suffering with him, and i would be guard from my transgression.

Psalms 18:24 according to my purity, the lord repay me according to my righteousness, according to my purity for his eyes.

Psalms 18:25 you will be holy with a holy person, and you will be innocent with a innocent man.

Psalms 18:26 you will be clear with a unclean person, but with a unclean person you are recognized.

Psalms 18:27 you will be abandoned that you will save a humble people, but you humbate the arrogant people.

Psalms 18:28 you will be suffering that you will light my lamp, because you, lord my god, respect my darkness.

Psalms 18:29 i will be difficult that i will be delivered by you, with my god i go over a mured.

Psalms 18:30 " for god ' s way is perfect, the message of the lord is revealed. he is the scild for all who hope on him.

Psalms 18:31 we think that who is god except the lord ? and who is a god except our god ?

Psalms 18:32 god, who cinges me with power and put my way unclean.

Psalms 18:33 he is who make my feet like peasts and put me up on my high mounts.

Psalms 18:34 he is just as i teach my hands, teaching my hands, that my arms spend a bronce boog.

Psalms 18:35 you rejected me, and you give me the scild of my salvation, and your right hand held me. your discipline has revealed me and your discipline will teach me.

Psalms 18:36 you have abandoned my passions under me, and my feet will not be difficult.

Psalms 18:37 in the journey, i will persecute my enemies, and i will destroy them, and i will not return until i have destroyed.

Psalms 18:38 i will destroy them with difficulty, so they cannot stand. they fall under my feet.

Psalms 18:39 you districted me with power for battle, you put all who stand against me under me.

Psalms 18:40 you make my enemies against me. you destroy my enemies against me, and you destroy those who hates me.

Psalms 18:41 they cried out, but there was no one who help them. they shouted to the lord, but he did not listen to them.

Psalms 18:42 i will make them gathering like a stof for the wind, i destroy them like the mug of the street.

Psalms 18:43 you will save me from human rebelles, you put me to be a head of the nations, a people i not knew served me.

Psalms 18:44 when they think about me, they obey me ; foreigners reject me.

Psalms 18:45 in the suffering of the others, the others are destroyed, and they are astonished from their wells.

Psalms 18:46 blessed is the lord ! blessed is my roof, and exalted the god of my salvation !

Psalms 18:47 god who gives justice to me and subject peoples under me.

Psalms 18:48 you, who refried me from my enemies, you exalts me over my adversaries, you deliveres me from the ungodly man.

Psalms 18:49 i will be different for you, because i will praise you, lord, among the gentiles, and i will praise to your name.

Psalms 18:50 he will be difficult that he will make great salvation to his king and doing mercy to his christ, to david and to his descendants for all times.

Psalms 19:1 for the musice of the musice. a psalm of david. the heavens proclaim the glory of god, the strength proclaim the power of his hands.

Psalms 19:2 every day the message speaks, and night proclaides knowledge.

Psalms 19:3 there is no order of speech or words that their shouting will not understand.

Psalms 19:4 they are completed in all the earth, their voice has come to the ends of the world. he has made his tabernacle in the sun.

Psalms 19:5 he is like a bridegroom coming out of his wear, he is rejoicing like a held to run out of his way.

Psalms 19:6 it will be suffering from the extrem of heaven, and it will come to the extrem of heaven, and there is no one who secrees it.

Psalms 19:7 " the law of the lord is perfect, who turns the soul. the testimony of the lord is faithful, sakes the little children.

Psalms 19:8 the instructs of the lord are rectly, they rejoice the heart. the commandment of the lord is perfect, speaking the eyes.

Psalms 19:9 the fear of the lord is pure, who remains forever. the judgments of the lord are true, they are righteous.

Psalms 19:10 it is greater than gold and precious stones, more than honor and honor than honor.

Psalms 19:11 it is different, even your servant will bear them. in the guards of them, there is great recompensa.

Psalms 19:12 in the appearance of the transgressions, who will understand ? clean me from my secrees.

Psalms 19:13 hold away from your servant from others, if they do not lord over me. then i will be innocent, and i will be clean from great sin.

Psalms 19:14 the words of my mouth and the measure of my heart will be always in your presence, lord, my roof and my redempter !

Psalms 20:1 to the musice of the musice. a psalm of david. i will see that the lord will listen to you in the day of benefit, to expose the name of the god of jacob.

Psalms 20:2 he will give you help from the holy place, and let he help you from zion.

Psalms 20:3 he must remember him by all your sacrifices and make your brance offered. ( sela. )

Psalms 20:4 he will give you indeed according to your heart and fulfill all your plan.

Psalms 20:5 we will be along with him, we will rejoice in your salvation, and in the name of our god we will reveate. may the lord fulfill everything you ask.

Psalms 20:6 as for these things, now i know that the lord has saved his christ, he will reause him from his holy heaven with great power of his right hand.

Psalms 20:7 some will be in their ways, others on horses, but we will praise the name of the lord our god.

Psalms 20:8 they are suffered to him, and they fall, but we stand up and stand firm.

Psalms 20:9 listen to him, lord, save your king, and repay us on the day when we call you.

Psalms 21:1 for the musice of the musice. a psalm of david. by your power, o lord, the king will rejoice, and he will rejoice in your salvation.

Psalms 21:2 you give him the desire of his life, and you did not strengthen the desire of his lips. ( sela. )

Psalms 21:3 you think that you have passed him ahead of kindness, you put a crown from precious stone on his head.

Psalms 21:4 however, he praying the life for him, and you gave him the language of days in eternal age.

Psalms 21:5 with great household of honor is his glory. you put his glory and majesty on him.

Psalms 21:6 you will be confident that you will give him a blessing forever. you make him joy with joy in your presence.

Psalms 21:7 you will be suffering that the king hope in the lord and by the mercy of the most high will never be shaken.

Psalms 21:8 your hand will be all your enemies, your right hand will find all those who hates you.

Psalms 21:9 you will make them like a coll of fire when you appeares. the lord will destroy them in his anger, and fire will consume them.

Psalms 21:10 you will destroy their produce from the earth and their descendants from the people.

Psalms 21:11 you will be difficult because they have rejected evil against you ; they thought plants that they cannot experience.

Psalms 21:12 you will be difficult that you will put them in a district, you will turn their face for your places.

Psalms 21:13 o lord, be high in your power ! we will praise and cance your power.

Psalms 22:1 o psalm of david. o god, my god, why have you forgiven me ? he is far from my salvation, the words of my transgressions.

Psalms 22:2 i call out, my god, i call out at the day, but you will not listen, and in the night, but no defense.

Psalms 22:3 indeed, you are holy, you live in the praise of israel.

Psalms 22:4 in you our ancestors confident in you, they turned in your faith, and you saved them.

Psalms 22:5 they were praying to you and were healed, they turned confidence in you and did not be ashamed.

Psalms 22:6 i am difficult, but not a man, insult of people and destroyed for people.

Psalms 22:7 they are recognized as all who see me ; they speak with their lips and struck their head :

Psalms 22:8 he recrees in the lord, he will save him ; he will save him, because he wants him. "

Psalms 22:9 i think that you are the one who caused me out of my mouth. you are my hope from the brysts of my mother.

Psalms 22:10 i was divided against you from mouth, you are my god from the birth of my mother.

Psalms 22:11 you will not depart from me, for suffering is near, and there is no one who help.

Psalms 22:12 many bees are around me around me, fearing backs objected me.

Psalms 22:13 they have gathered their mouth against me, like a brinking leeuing and greating.

Psalms 22:14 i have gathered like water, and all my bears were dispersed. my heart is like a horn, gathered in my mouth.

Psalms 22:15 my power is secited like a tonder, my tongue clothes on my gato, and you put me down to the stof of death.

Psalms 22:16 i think that hunds around me objected me, a group of the evil people grow around me, they grow my hands and my feet.

Psalms 22:17 i think all my bears, but they can see and see me.

Psalms 22:18 they divided my clothes among themselves, and on my clothes they divided the sort.

Psalms 22:19 for you, lord, do not be patient ! you are my roof, come to my help !

Psalms 22:20 you will lead my life from the sword, my enemy from the ground of the hund.

Psalms 22:21 indeed, save me from the mouth of the lion, and my affliction from the horns of only horns !

Psalms 22:22 i will proclaim your name to my brothers, i will praise you in the middle of the church.

Psalms 22:23 however, you who fear the lord, praise him ! all the descendants of jacob, glorify him, and all the descendants of israel will fear him !

Psalms 22:24 you think that he does not destroy or reject the affliction of the poor, nor has kept his face to him. but when he cries to him, he heard me.

Psalms 22:25 i will make my praise to you in great church. i will repay my promises before those who fear him.

Psalms 22:26 the poor will eat difficulty, and they will be satisfied, those who cause him will praise the lord. your heart will live forever.

Psalms 22:27 all the directions of the earth will be remembered, and they will turn to the lord. all the nations of the nations will worship before you.

Psalms 22:28 you will be suffering that the kingdom belongs to the lord, and he will reign over the nations.

Psalms 22:29 all the foundation of the earth will eat and worship. all who come into the ground will fall before him, and my life will live for him.

Psalms 22:30 it will be different, and my descendants will serve him. to the coming generation he will proclaim to the lord.

Psalms 22:31 they will be content, and they will proclaim his righteousness for the people who will be born, because he has done it.

Psalms 23:1 as a salf of david. the lord is my shepherd, nothing will find me.

Psalms 23:2 he reject me in various places, he reject me in front of requiried water.

Psalms 23:3 he will reject my life, he will lead me on the way of righteousness because of his name.

Psalms 23:4 i will go in the middle of the shadow of death, i will not be afraid of evil, because you are with me. your staf and your staff are these who exhort me.

Psalms 23:5 you have prepared a table before me in front of my enemies. you spend my head with olje, my cup is bearing.

Psalms 23:6 however, your mercy and mercy will persecute me all my life, and i will live in the house of the lord for long ago.

Psalms 24:1 the earth and what is in it is the lord. the world and what is in it is the lord ; the world and all who live in it.

Psalms 24:2 he has themselves themselves themselves by the sea, he has prepared it on the rivers.

Psalms 24:3 " by it, who will ascend on the mountain of the lord ? and who will stand at his holy place ?

Psalms 24:4 for the one who is innocent by hands and clean of heart who does not take his life to false and does not swear with deceit.

Psalms 24:5 indeed, he will receive blessing from the lord and praise from the god of his savior.

Psalms 24:6 this is the generation of those who seek him, who look for your face, you, the god of jacob.

Psalms 24:7 instead, ports, lead your household ! hold up, you eternal ports, so that the king of glory will enter.

Psalms 24:8 what is this king of glory ? the lord, great and powerful, the lord, a powerful in the battle.

Psalms 24:9 instead, ports, lead your household ! hold up, you eternal ports, so that the king of glory will enter.

Psalms 24:10 what is this king of glory ? the lord of the leaders, he is the king of glory.

Psalms 25:1 to you, o lord, i take up my life, my god.

Psalms 25:2 i may be confident in you. do not be ashamed, and may my enemies not rejoit about me.

Psalms 25:3 it will be suffering, even all those who refuse to you will be ashamed. they will be ashamed of those who defily without it.

Psalms 25:4 however, make me known your ways, lord, teach me your pathers.

Psalms 25:5 however, lead me by your truth, and teach me, because you are the god of my savior, and i hope to you always.

Psalms 25:6 however, remember, lord, your mercy and your mercy, for they are from eternal time.

Psalms 25:7 do not remember my youth of my youth or my sins, but remember me according to your mercy, because of your goodness, lord.

Psalms 25:8 for the lord is good and right, and so he will instruct sinners on the way.

Psalms 25:9 he will lead the ungodly in judgment, he will teach the poor his way.

Psalms 25:10 in every way all the ways of the lord are generous mercy and truth for those who obey his covenant and his testimony.

Psalms 25:11 indeed, because of your name, lord, repay my sins because it is great.

Psalms 25:12 if it is about it who fears the lord, he will instruct the way he will chose.

Psalms 25:13 his life will be suffering in good, and his descendants will inherit the earth.

Psalms 25:14 there is great power of the lord against those who fear him, and for his covenant is his covenant.

Psalms 25:15 my eyes are districted always to the lord, for he will remove my feet from the strick.

Psalms 25:16 hold attention to me and have mercy on me, because i am only one and poor.

Psalms 25:17 the sufferings of my heart are suffered, bring me out of my affliction.

Psalms 25:18 nevertheless, see my affliction and my affliction, and forgive all my sins.

Psalms 25:19 " indeed, see my enemies, because they are many, and they hates me with false haty.

Psalms 25:20 in the journey, beware my life and save me. let me not be ashamed, for i hope in you.

Psalms 25:21 those who are innocent may be destroyed for me, but i hope to you.

Psalms 25:22 " from all his affliction, god, redee israel from all his affliction.

Psalms 26:1 in the journey of david, judge me, lord, for i have went in my uncerity, and i hope in the lord, i will never fall away.

Psalms 26:2 however, experience me, lord, and prove me, turn my clouds and my heart.

Psalms 26:3 it is different for you, because your mercy is before my eyes, and i wanted in your truth.

Psalms 26:4 i am no longer seated with heetful council, and i will never enter with the ungodly people.

Psalms 26:5 for in this way i hated the church of the ungodly, and i will never sit with the ungodly.

Psalms 26:6 in this way i will wash my hands in uninnocence, and i will go around your altar, lord.

Psalms 26:7 i will be trying to listen to the voice of praise and proclaim about all your wonders.

Psalms 26:8 " in this way, my lord, i love your household and the place where your glory loves !

Psalms 26:9 in this way, do not destroy my life with the transgressions, and my life with the people of blood.

Psalms 26:10 they have sin in their hands, and their right hand is full of gift.

Psalms 26:11 i will be suffering in my unstable, reject me and be mercy on me.

Psalms 26:12 indeed, my feet will stand in free, i will praise the lord in the churches.

Psalms 27:1 before christ was christ, the lord is my light and my savior. for whom should i fear ? the lord is the roof of my life, for whom will i fear ?

Psalms 27:2 when the ungodly, my enemies and my enemies, approaching me to eat my flesh, they will be suffered and fall.

Psalms 27:3 if a lead attacks against me, my heart will not be afraid. if a battle comes against me, i will recree.

Psalms 27:4 just as i asked from the lord, this is what i will ask : to live in the house of the lord all my living days, to see the favor of the lord and to visit in his temple.

Psalms 27:5 i will be trying for that he causes me in his tent on the day of evil. he will reject me in the secret of his tent, he exalts me on a rock.

Psalms 27:6 even now, look, my head is exalted over my enemies, who are around me, and i will offer offering offering offering in his tent. i will praise and cannot praise to the lord.

Psalms 27:7 just as i call, lord, listen to my voice ! show mercy on me and listen to me.

Psalms 27:8 my heart said to you, " look for my face ! " i will look for your face, o lord !

Psalms 27:9 do not destroy your face to me, do not destroy your servant in anger. you were my help, do not destroy me, or destroy me, god of my savior !

Psalms 27:10 if i think that my father and mother have forgiven me, but the lord receives me.

Psalms 27:11 however, instruck me, lord, your way, and lead me in the right path because of my enemies.

Psalms 27:12 do not give me over to the souls of my enemies, because false witnesses against me, and false witnesses against me.

Psalms 27:13 in this way i believe that i will see the good will of the lord in the land of the living.

Psalms 27:14 you must remain in the lord. be courage, and may your heart be strengthened, and remain in the lord.

Psalms 28:1 " in the suffering of david i call out to you, lord, my roof ! do not destroy from me, so that you may be like those who fall into the ground.

Psalms 28:2 just as i pray to you, listen to my supplice, when i call to you, when i lead my hands on your holy temple.

Psalms 28:3 do not destroy my life with the sinners, and with those who practice unrighteousness, who speak peace to their neighbor, but is evil in their hearts.

Psalms 28:4 give them, according to their deeds, according to their evil deeds, according to their evil deeds. repay them according to the work of their hands, repay their reward to them.

Psalms 28:5 because they think that they do not understand the works of the lord and the work of his hands. he will destroy them, but will not build them.

Psalms 28:6 blessed is the lord, for he has heard the voice of my praying !

Psalms 28:7 " the lord is confident in my help and my burc, my heart have confident in him, and i was helped. then my flesh is hard, and i will praise him with my will.

Psalms 28:8 the lord will make the power of his people, he is the roof of salvation for his christ.

Psalms 28:9 as long as you live, save your people, and praise your inheritance. shepherd them and lead them forever ! "

Psalms 29:1 a psalm of david. give to the lord, you people of god, give to the lord glory and power.

Psalms 29:2 you will give to the lord the glory of his name. worship the lord in his holy force !

Psalms 29:3 the voice of the lord is about the water, the god of glory grees, the lord on many waters.

Psalms 29:4 the voice of the lord is suffering with power, the voice of the lord is honor.

Psalms 29:5 the voice of the lord, speaking cedrs, the lord broke the cedrs of the libano.

Psalms 29:6 the liban and jesurun will destroy them like a bear, the incense and jesurun like a wild horn.

Psalms 29:7 the voice of the lord is suffering with flames of fire.

Psalms 29:8 the voice of the lord lives the wilderness, the lord trees the wilderness of kades.

Psalms 29:9 the voice of the lord is like a respect. he reveles the women, and in his temple everyone practices : " praise ! "

Psalms 29:10 " the lord will be experienced the flood over the flood, and the lord reside king for ever.

Psalms 29:11 the lord will give great power for his people, and the lord will praise his people in peace.

Psalms 30:1 i will experience you, o lord ! for you have received me, and you have not revealed my enemies over me.

Psalms 30:2 " for you, lord, my god, i think to you, and you healed me.

Psalms 30:3 you suffered to him, my lord, you brought my life from the hades. you have rejected me from those who fall into the ground.

Psalms 30:4 nevertheless, praise to the lord, you his holy people, and praise his holy name.

Psalms 30:5 for in this way, because hardly anger is in his wrath, and the life is in his will. at the afternoon there will be weeping, but to morning there is joy.

Psalms 30:6 in my confidence, i said, " i will never be shaken. "

Psalms 30:7 " praise to him, lord, by your will you have rejected my mountain. but when you looked up, i was distressed.

Psalms 30:8 " in this way i call to you, lord, and i prayed to the lord.

Psalms 30:9 if i come into the ground, what mercy is there in my blood, when i come into the ground ? will the stof confess you, will he proclaim your truth ?

Psalms 30:10 you have heard me, lord, and show mercy on me ! lord, be my help !

Psalms 30:11 by this, when you returned my suffering to me, you bread my sack and cinged me with joy,

Psalms 30:12 it is unable to praise to you, so that my glory will praise to you, and it will never passe. lord my god, i will celebrate you for ever.

Psalms 31:1 for the musice of the musice. a psalm of david. in you, o lord, i hope. let me never be ashamed, save me because of your righteousness !

Psalms 31:2 in the same way, keep out your ear to me, get out to save me. be my buring roof, a banquet for me, to save me.

Psalms 31:3 you think that you are my force and my roof, and because of your name lead me and lead me.

Psalms 31:4 you will bring me out of the strick that they have hidden for me, because you are my suffering.

Psalms 31:5 i will serve my spirit in your hands, you have refried me, lord god of truth !

Psalms 31:6 in the journey, i hates those who practice false things, but i hope in the lord.

Psalms 31:7 in it i will rejoice and rejoice over your mercy, because you saw my affliction, you realized the affliction of my life.

Psalms 31:8 you did not put me in the hand of a enemies, you put my feet in a large place.

Psalms 31:9 wait, be mercy on me, lord, for i am afflicted ! my eye and my intesting are distressed in wrath.

Psalms 31:10 i think that my life died in mourning and my years in suffering, my power has become afflicted because of my poverty, and my bears were suffered.

Psalms 31:11 i have become a confusion for all my enemies. i have become a confusion for my members, and fear for my knowledges. those who see me outside flow away from me.

Psalms 31:12 it is like a flesh i have rejected, i became like a destroyed wage.

Psalms 31:13 i think that i have heard the suffering of many, experienced around all time, when they gathered together against me, they intended to take my life.

Psalms 31:14 in you i hope, lord, and i say, " you are my god ! "

Psalms 31:15 my time are in your hands, leave me from the hand of my enemies, and from those who persecute me.

Psalms 31:16 make your face to your servant, save me by your mercy.

Psalms 31:17 look, lord, do not be ashamed, because i ask you, let the ungodly be ashamed and throw down into the hades !

Psalms 31:18 let the false lips speak ungodly against the righteous, with arrogance and disgrace.

Psalms 31:19 for the number of your great goodness that you have revealed to those who fear you, and that you complete to those who hope on you before the people.

Psalms 31:20 you will secree them in the secret of your face for human mights, you will reveat them in a tent from the rebellion of tongues.

Psalms 31:21 blessed is the lord, for he has performed his mercy in a burdering city !

Psalms 31:22 in my suffering i said, " i was thrown away from your eyes. ' but you heard my supplice, when i cried to you.

Psalms 31:23 " in the same way, all you who are holy, love the lord, for the lord requires the truth, but he repay those who practice greatly.

Psalms 31:24 you, all who hope in the lord, be courage and be strengthened, all you who hope in the lord.

Psalms 32:1 for a control of david. blessed is the one whose transgressions are forgiven, whose sins is clothed !

Psalms 32:2 blessed is the man against whom the lord does not defense sin, and in whom there is no false.

Psalms 32:3 if i was silent, my bears were wearing because i am silent.

Psalms 32:4 for night and night your hand was astonished on me, i turned into destruction with thorns of thorns.

Psalms 32:5 in the number i have revealed my sin, and i did not reveal my lawlessness. i said, ' i will confess my transgressions against the lord. " so you forgave my sins. ( sela. )

Psalms 32:6 in the presence of this every holy person will pray to you in the time to help. except in many waters, they will not come to him.

Psalms 32:7 you are my defluct, you will be my burder, you will put me away from distress, you object me with rejoicing.

Psalms 32:8 in the journey, i will make you knowledge, and i will instruct you on the way to which you should go.

Psalms 32:9 you must not be astonished like a horse and like a muill without intelligent. they will put their kinders with bronze and bed, so that they will not come near you.

Psalms 32:10 there is many plagues of the impie, but the hope on the lord circumcides mercy.

Psalms 32:11 you, righteous people, rejoice in the lord and rejoice, you righteous, and boast, all you who are rectled of heart !

Psalms 33:1 rejoice in the lord, you righteous ! for the righteous is praise.

Psalms 33:2 indeed, praise to the lord with harpa, cants him with a tighty harp.

Psalms 33:3 just as you cance a new cance for him, build good with joy.

Psalms 33:4 you think that the word of the lord is right and all his deeds in faithfulness.

Psalms 33:5 he loves justice and judgment, the earth is full of the mercy of the lord.

Psalms 33:6 for the word of the lord, the heavens were distressed, and all their power by the spirit of his mouth.

Psalms 33:7 however, he gather the water of the sea like a flow, he put abyss in the treasures.

Psalms 33:8 for all the earth should be afraid of the lord ; all the inhabitants of the world should be afraid for him.

Psalms 33:9 you think that he said, and it happened, he commanded and it was created.

Psalms 33:10 the lord reject the desire of the nations, he reject the thoughts of the rulers.

Psalms 33:11 the confidence of the lord remains forever, the thoughts of his heart remains from generation to generation.

Psalms 33:12 " blessed is the nation where the lord is his god, the people whom he chose for his own inheritance !

Psalms 33:13 the lord sees from heaven, he see all the human sons.

Psalms 33:14 in the appearing of his place he regaines all who live in the earth.

Psalms 33:15 the one who formed their hearts for all, who knows all their deeds.

Psalms 33:16 a king will not be saved by a great power, and a held will not be saved by his great strength.

Psalms 33:17 there is false orders for salvation, but by his great power he will not be saved.

Psalms 33:18 just as the lord ' s eyes is against those who fear him, against those who hope on his mercy,

Psalms 33:19 it is impossible to save their souls from death and to live them in the famine.

Psalms 33:20 the soul of our life remains to the lord, he is our help and our roof.

Psalms 33:21 we think that our heart rejoice in him, because we hope in his holy name.

Psalms 33:22 may your mercy, lord, be toward us, just as we have confident in you.

Psalms 34:1 when david divided his face before abimelech and he released him, so that he went always, and i will praise the lord always, his praise is always in my mouth.

Psalms 34:2 in the lord i will praise my life, the poor will hear and rejoice.

Psalms 34:3 with me you will praise the lord with me, so that we will experience his name together !

Psalms 34:4 in the order i asked the lord, and he heard me, and from all my foreigners he saved me.

Psalms 34:5 in this way you came to him and were full of light, and their faces were not ashamed.

Psalms 34:6 thus this poor man shouted out, and the lord heard him, and from all his sufferings he saved him.

Psalms 34:7 there is the angel of the lord around him around those who fear him and refried them.

Psalms 34:8 may you eat and see that the lord is good. blessed is the man who hope on him !

Psalms 34:9 however, fear the lord, you his saints, for there is no last for those who fear him.

Psalms 34:10 the rich of the rich becomes hunger and hungry, but those who seek the lord will not cause anything good.

Psalms 34:11 " think, children, listen to me, i will teach you for the fear of the lord.

Psalms 34:12 what is a person who wants life, who loves days to see good ?

Psalms 34:13 leave your tongue from evil and your lips from speaking false.

Psalms 34:14 keep away from evil and do good, look for peace and persecute it.

Psalms 34:15 there is the lord ' s eyes for the righteous, and his ears for their crying.

Psalms 34:16 the spirit of the lord is against those who doing evil, to destroy their memorial from the earth.

Psalms 34:17 when the righteous cries, the lord hears them, and from all their sufferings he saved them.

Psalms 34:18 here is approaching those who have hard heart, and he will save those who are afflicted by the spirit.

Psalms 34:19 there are many affliction of the righteous, but from all he he refries them.

Psalms 34:20 however, the lord bears all his bears, yet not one of them will be broken.

Psalms 34:21 the evil one will be suffered to death, but the one who hates the righteous will be delivered.

Psalms 34:22 " the lord will rescue the souls of his slaves, and all who hope in him will not be delivered.

Psalms 35:1 to david, make justice, lord, against those who complete against me. make battle with those who strike against me.

Psalms 35:2 spend the wadow and the row, and stand up to my help.

Psalms 35:3 put out the sword and put out against my persecutions. tell my life, " i am your salvation ! "

Psalms 35:4 let those who cause my life will be ashamed and ashamed ; they must turn back and be ashamed those who consider evil things against me.

Psalms 35:5 they must be like brief before the wind, and the angel of the lord throw them out.

Psalms 35:6 their way must be toward darkness and suffering, and the angel of the lord persecute them.

Psalms 35:7 they are just as they have hidden a grap of their strick for me without reason, they have insulted my life.

Psalms 35:8 let the strict come over them without knowledge, and the weak that they have hidden will take them, and in the strick they fall into it.

Psalms 35:9 i will rejoice, my life will rejoice in the lord, he will rejoice of his salvation.

Psalms 35:10 " all my bears will be generous, and they will say, " lord, who is like you ! you sake the poor from the one who is greater than he, and the poor and fathered from the who causes him.

Psalms 35:11 false witnesses stood up, they asked me about what i did not know.

Psalms 35:12 they will repay me evil for good, they are destroyed for my life.

Psalms 35:13 " when they were sick, i put on a sack clothing, and in faste i humbled my life, and my prayer returned in my flesh.

Psalms 35:14 just as i was suffering with my neighbor, as my brother, as my brother. i was suffering as a mourning and mourning.

Psalms 35:15 just as they were rejoiced against me, they were rejoiced, and they gathered together against me, and i do not understand. they were dispersed and never destroyed.

Psalms 35:16 indeed they tenged me, belonging me with brifts, threw their teeth against me.

Psalms 35:17 o lord ' s lord, how long can you see ? remove my life from their affliction, my enemy from the leons !

Psalms 35:18 " in a great church i will praise you, and in a great church i will praise you.

Psalms 35:19 let those who reject me without reason may rejoice over me, those who hates me without reason.

Psalms 35:20 they are difficult that they do not speak with peace, but they proclaimed deceives against the people.

Psalms 35:21 they spend their mouth against me and say, " aha ! aha ! we have seen it with our eyes ! "

Psalms 35:22 just as you saw, lord, do not be afraid. lord, do not depart from me !

Psalms 35:23 get up, get up, and make attention to my judgment, my god and lord, to my defense.

Psalms 35:24 in the same way, judge me according to your righteousness, lord, my god, and do not rejoice over me.

Psalms 35:25 they should not say in their hearts, " aha ! " they should not say, " we have died him ! "

Psalms 35:26 those who rejoice in my affliction will be ashamed and ashamed, those who rejoice in my affliction. they will be clothed with dishonor and confusion those who rejoice against me.

Psalms 35:27 those who want my righteousness must rejoice and rejoice, those who want my righteousness ! they say always, " great is the lord, who desires peace of his slave ! "

Psalms 35:28 my tongue will speak of your righteousness, and my tongue will proclaim your righteousness, and he will reveal your praise always.

Psalms 36:1 in the courtion of the musice. to the servant of the servant, to the servant of the lord, will he see for him ? there is no fear of god before his eyes.

Psalms 36:2 it is impossible for him, because it is suffered before him to find his lawlessness and hate.

Psalms 36:3 for the words of his mouth, the speech of his mouth ! he does not want to understand and to do good.

Psalms 36:4 indeed, he does not consider ungodly wrong on his bed. he staes on a way that does not be good, he does not destroy the evil.

Psalms 36:5 " in the same way, lord, your mercy is in heaven, and your truth is like the clouds.

Psalms 36:6 just as your righteousness is like god ' s mountains ! your judgments are great abyss. you save people and beast, lord.

Psalms 36:7 " blessed is your mercy, o god ! for the people of people hope in the sombra of your vinger.

Psalms 36:8 however, they will be drunk by the weak of your house, and you will give them drink of the river of your delicts.

Psalms 36:9 since you are a fonter of life by you, we will see the light in your light.

Psalms 36:10 in the same way, make your mercy to those who know you, and your righteousness to those who are rectled with heart.

Psalms 36:11 in this way, let arrogant flesh not come to me, and the hand of sinners do not destroy me.

Psalms 36:12 there is there those who practice lawlessness, they threw out, and they cannot stand.

Psalms 37:1 because of david, do not be amazed for the evil people, or do not destroy those who practice lawlessness.

Psalms 37:2 they will quicth quicchly like the grass, they will fall like a flock of grass.

Psalms 37:3 be confident in the lord and do what is good, and remain in the land and shepherd in its wealth.

Psalms 37:4 just as you are encouraged to the lord, he will give you the desire of your heart.

Psalms 37:5 look, reveal your way to the lord, and hope in him, and he will do.

Psalms 37:6 he will produce your righteousness like a light, and your judgment like the middad.

Psalms 37:7 you should be suffering to the lord and experience him. do not be suffered over the one who lives in his way, because of the man who commits lawlessness.

Psalms 37:8 you will be abandoned from your wrath and destroy the wrath. do not be suffered, because it is evil.

Psalms 37:9 the evil people will be destroyed, but those who refuse in the lord will inherit the earth.

Psalms 37:10 there is a little longer, and the evil one will not be. you will look for his place, but he will never find.

Psalms 37:11 the poor people will inherit the earth, and they will be delivered with great peace.

Psalms 37:12 the evil person will observe the righteous against the righteous, and knows against him his teeth.

Psalms 37:13 the lord will require about him, because he see that his day is coming.

Psalms 37:14 the imposed spend their bound with the sword, they spend their boog to throw the poor and fathered, to kill those who are rectled with heart.

Psalms 37:15 their sword will be destroyed into their hearts, and their bound will be breed.

Psalms 37:16 the weak of the righteous person is better than the wealth of many ungodly.

Psalms 37:17 the arms of sinners will be cut down, but the lord strengthen the righteous.

Psalms 37:18 for the lord knows the way of the innocent, and their arvedel will remains forever.

Psalms 37:19 they will not be ashamed in the evil time, and in the days of famine they will be satisfied.

Psalms 37:20 the sinners will perish, and the enemies of the lord will perish just as they are exalted, they will fall like smoke.

Psalms 37:21 the impie is leading to it and does not repay, but the righteous requires and gives.

Psalms 37:22 you think that those who praise him will inherit the earth, but those who practice it will be extermined.

Psalms 37:23 the passions of man is confident from the lord, and he will recognize his way.

Psalms 37:24 whenever he fall, it will not be destroyed, because the lord confirmes his hand.

Psalms 37:25 i was a jew because i was a jeune, but i have been dead, but i did not see the righteous destroyed or his descendants looking for bread.

Psalms 37:26 on the whole day he is generous, he is mercy and leads, and his descendants will be a blessing.

Psalms 37:27 you will depart from evil and do good, and you will live forever.

Psalms 37:28 you will be doing that the lord loves justice and does not forgive his saints. they will be guard for ever, but the descendants of the ungodly will be extermined.

Psalms 37:29 the righteous will inherit the earth, but the righteous will live in it for ever.

Psalms 37:30 the mouth of the righteous practices wisdom, and his tongue speaks what is right.

Psalms 37:31 the law of his god is in his heart, his passes will not fall away.

Psalms 37:32 the impie intends to experience the righteous, and he desires to execute him.

Psalms 37:33 the lord will not reject him in his hand, and he will not condemn him when he is judged.

Psalms 37:34 you will be encouraged to the lord and obey his way, and he will exalt you to inherit the earth. you will see when the impii are destructed.

Psalms 37:35 i saw a ungodly difficult, arrogant as the cedrs of the libano.

Psalms 37:36 he was different, but he was not there. i were looking for him, but he was not.

Psalms 37:37 listen to the man who is innocent, and see the rectly, for there is a rest of a man of peace.

Psalms 37:38 the transgressions will be divided together, the rest of the immoral will be extermined.

Psalms 37:39 for the salvation of the righteous will be from the lord, he is their roof in the time of affliction.

Psalms 37:40 the lord will be suffering to them, and he sakes them. he will save them from the impies and save them, because they have confident in him.

Psalms 38:1 in a call of david, to a remember about the sabbath. o lord, do not rebuke me in your wrath, or do not correct me in your anger.

Psalms 38:2 you will be difficult because your pils spoke against me, and you extend your hand on me.

Psalms 38:3 because of your wrath, there is no destruction in my flesh because of your wrath. there is no peace for my bears because of my sins.

Psalms 38:4 indeed, my transgressions are greater than my head, like a hard stone they were hard over me.

Psalms 38:5 my gifts are difficked in my presence, and my pains strike because of my foolishness.

Psalms 38:6 as long as i were destroyed, i have been destroyed to the end. every day i will be suffered.

Psalms 38:7 i think that my souls are full of confusion, and there is no help in my body.

Psalms 38:8 i have been difficult with difficult, i am greatly distressed because of the suffering of my heart.

Psalms 38:9 the whole desire i desire for you, lord, and my suffering is not revealed from you.

Psalms 38:10 my heart is greatly distressed, my power has left me, the light of my eyes is abandoned, and there is no light with me.

Psalms 38:11 my friends and my friends are abandoned before me, they approached, and my neighbors stood from a distance.

Psalms 38:12 those who are trying to suffer my life courts up, and those who practice my evil things speak falsamess, and all the day they think about them.

Psalms 38:13 they were like a stumble, but they do not listen as a stumble, and like a salt who does not open his mouth.

Psalms 38:14 i am like a man who does not listen, and i am like a man who does not listen, and there is no defense in his mouth.

Psalms 38:15 it is toward you, o lord, for you i hope. you will listen, lord my god !

Psalms 38:16 i think that my enemies do not rejoice over me, and if my feet are shaken, they will rejoice against me. "

Psalms 38:17 i will be confident that i am ready to plage, and my suffering is always before me.

Psalms 38:18 i will be difficult because i will proclaim my transgressions, and i will be concerned for my sins.

Psalms 38:19 my enemies are different, but my enemies are greater than i am, and those who hates me unjustice are multiplied.

Psalms 38:20 those who repay evil for good persecute me, because i persecute righteousness. they thrown my dear friend like a defiled dead.

Psalms 38:21 nevertheless, do not destroy me, lord ! my god, do not depart from me !

Psalms 38:22 hold attention to me to help me, lord, my savior !

Psalms 39:1 for the musice of the musice, to jeduthun. a psalm of david. how much i should say, " i will guard my way, so that i will not sin with my tongue. i will put my mouth, when the impie stars before me.

Psalms 39:2 i was difficulted, and i was afflicted ; i was silent from what was good, and my suffering is revealed.

Psalms 39:3 indeed, my heart was hard in my inside, when i appeared, a fire was destroyed, and i spoke with my tongue :

Psalms 39:4 as long as i am, make me known, lord, my end, and who is the number of my days ? to know what i am to be. "

Psalms 39:5 you have made my days already a old time, and my leading is like nothing before you, but all human people are foolish. ( sela. )

Psalms 39:6 nevertheless, a person passes in a image, they turns forward. he trees the treasure, yet he does not know how to gather it.

Psalms 39:7 now what is my endurance, lord ? what is my endurance ? my hope is from you.

Psalms 39:8 indeed, reject me from all my transgressions. you put me to the slander of the fool.

Psalms 39:9 i am destroyed with it, but i did not speak my mouth, because you have done me.

Psalms 39:10 when you are abandoned, depart from me your plagues ! for the strength of your hand i am destroyed.

Psalms 39:11 when you discipline in discipline, you discipline a person for lawlessness, and you lives his life like a gard, but all people are foolish. ( sela. )

Psalms 39:12 understand my prayer, lord ! listen to my prayer, lord, and listen to my supplice, and do not destroy my tears. for i am a extrancy among you, a extrancy as all my ancestors.

Psalms 39:13 you will be suffering to me, so that i will be encouraged, before i go, and there will be no longer.

Psalms 40:1 in the musice of the musice. a psalm of david. i waited to the lord, and he spoke to me, and he heard my supplice.

Psalms 40:2 he was difficult and brought me out of the destruction of destroying ground, he put my feet on a rock and confirmed my passes.

Psalms 40:3 he has put a new cance in my mouth, a praise to our god. many will see it, and they will be afraid and hope in the lord.

Psalms 40:4 " blessed is the man who turns his hope to the name of the lord, and who does not turn to the false things or to falsamess.

Psalms 40:5 " you have done many generations, o lord my god, your wonders and your thoughts. there is no one to be like you. i have revealed these things, and they are greater than the number.

Psalms 40:6 you will spend sacrifice and offering, you did not desire. you have prepared my ohr, but you did not ask a sacrifice or sacrifice for sin.

Psalms 40:7 just as i said, ' look, i am come, ' in the scroll of the book is written about me.

Psalms 40:8 i want to do your will, my god, to do your will, and your law is in my mind.

Psalms 40:9 i have proclaimed the good news in a great church. look, i will not sure my lips. you know, lord !

Psalms 40:10 i did not reveat your righteousness in my heart. i have told your truth and your salvation, but i did not reveat your mercy and truth from the great group.

Psalms 40:11 o lord, do not be abandoned from me your mercy, lord ! your mercy and your truth obey me always.

Psalms 40:12 i think that evil that are not number objected me, my transgressions have received me, and i cannot see it. they are greater than the hair of my head, and my heart has forgiven me.

Psalms 40:13 o lord, make my hope to save me, lord, come to help me !

Psalms 40:14 they will be ashamed and ashamed together those who want to destroy my life. they will turn back and be ashamed those who want evil about me.

Psalms 40:15 in the same way those who say : " aha ! aha ! "

Psalms 40:16 those who show your salvation must say always, " granted be the lord ! " those who love your salvation must say always, " exalted be the lord ! "

Psalms 40:17 i am poor, but i am poor and fatty. but the lord intends for me. you are my hulp and my suffering ; do not destroy, my god !

Psalms 41:1 to the musice of the musice. a psalm of david. blessed is the one who understands the poor and the poor ! on the day of evil the lord will save him.

Psalms 41:2 the lord will be suffering to experience him and to live him. he will be confident in the earth, and you will not give him in the hand of his enemies.

Psalms 41:3 " the lord will be suffering for him to help him, because he is sick, you turn all his leaves in his sick.

Psalms 41:4 i say to it, " lord, be mercy on me ! heal my life because i have sinned against you.

Psalms 41:5 my enemies speak evil against me : " when will he be musel, and will the name of him perish ? "

Psalms 41:6 whenever he walks to see, he speaks to see. his heart gather lawlessness for himself. he went outside and spoke.

Psalms 41:7 all my enemies are difficult against me, all my enemies are difficulted against me, thinking me evil.

Psalms 41:8 there is a importation of a rebellion against me. the one who lives will not remain again.

Psalms 41:9 as well as the man of my peace, in whom i have confident, who eats my bread has worked against me.

Psalms 41:10 in the journey, o lord, be mercy on me, and rebuke me, so that i will repay them.

Psalms 41:11 in this way i know that you have mercy on me, because my enemy does not rejoice over me.

Psalms 41:12 you have confident me because of my ungodly, you have confirmed me and confirmed me before you for ever.

Psalms 41:13 blessed is the lord, god of israel, from age and ever ! amen ! amen !

Psalms 42:1 for the musice of the musice. to the ahead of the musice, for the sons of korah. in the same way, just as the shelf bears on the waters of the waters, so my life long to you, o god !

Psalms 42:2 indeed, my life was thirsty for god, the living god. when will i come and appearate before god ?

Psalms 42:3 my large tears were my bread, day and night, day and night, because they said to me each day, ' where is your god ? '

Psalms 42:4 in the journey, i remembered these things and put my soul out to me, because i went through a terrible place to the house of god with the round of rejoicing and praise of a feast of feast.

Psalms 42:5 indeed, why you are distressed, my life, and why are you distressed with me ? hope in god, for i will still praise him : he is the salvation of my face, my god.

Psalms 42:6 indeed, my soul is suffering to me, because it is distressed. therefore i will remember you from the land of jordan, from hermon, from the mountain a milar.

Psalms 42:7 when it produce the deep abyss, it calls a abyss by the round of your blocks. all your mounts and wells have passed over me.

Psalms 42:8 in two days the lord will command his mercy, and in the night he is with me, praying the god of my life.

Psalms 42:9 i will be suffering to god, my roof, " why have you forgated me ? why will i go suffering because of the enemies ?

Psalms 42:10 when my bears are destroyed, my enemies insult me, because they say to me always, " where is your god ? "

Psalms 42:11 indeed, why you are distressed, my life, and why are you distressed with me ? hope in god, for i will still praise him : he is the salvation of my face, my god.

Psalms 43:1 make me judgment, o god, and make my defense against a unholy nation. save me from the unrighteous and deceit people.

Psalms 43:2 as long as you are the god of my force ! why have you rejected me ? why will i go suffering because of the enemies ?

Psalms 43:3 just as it is, send your light and your truth. they will lead me and bring me to your holy mountain, to your homes.

Psalms 43:4 i will come to the altar of god, to the god of my joy and joy, and i will celebrate you with harpa, o god, my god !

Psalms 43:5 for why you are distressed, my soul, and why are you distressed with me ? hope in god, for i will still praise him : he is the salvation of my face, my god.

Psalms 44:1 for the musice of the musice, for the sons of korah. we have with our orders heard this, our ancestors have revealed to us what you has done in their days in the long days.

Psalms 44:2 you have clearly extermined the nations with your hand, and when you planted them, you destroyed the peoples, and you destroyed them.

Psalms 44:3 they will be different, for they did not receive the earth by their own sword, and their arm did not save them, but your right hand and your arm and the light of your face, because you have delivered them.

Psalms 44:4 " as long as, you are my king, my god, proclaim the salvation to jacob.

Psalms 44:5 we will be something among you : we will bow our enemies, and by your name we will destroy those who stand against us.

Psalms 44:6 i will be completed, for i will not hope on my bound, but my sword will not save me.

Psalms 44:7 because you believed us from our enemies, and confured those who hates us.

Psalms 44:8 we will be confident in god the whole day, and we will praise in your name forever. ( sela. )

Psalms 44:9 just as it is different, but now you have rejected us and contempted us, and you will not go out with our powers.

Psalms 44:10 you have put us away from our enemies, and those who hates us cause us.

Psalms 44:11 you gave us just as a sheep for food, and you spread us among the nations.

Psalms 44:12 you have permitted your people in order without honor, and there is no number for their transgressions.

Psalms 44:13 you have put us in confusion for our neighbors, as a confusion for those around us who are around us.

Psalms 44:14 you have proclaimed us to be a parable among the gentiles, a harp of head among the peoples.

Psalms 44:15 in the whole day, my confusion is before me, and the confusion of my face revealed me.

Psalms 44:16 because of the voice of defender and defender, because of the enemy and defender.

Psalms 44:17 in this way all these things came to us, but we have not forgiven you and have not defiled your covenant.

Psalms 44:18 our hearts is divided, our hearts is not abandoned, and our pathers have deceived from your way.

Psalms 44:19 as long as you have afflicted us in human place and revealed us with a shadow of death.

Psalms 44:20 whenever we have rejected our god ' s name, if we extended our hands to another god,

Psalms 44:21 in this way god will not require these things, for he knows the secrees of the heart.

Psalms 44:22 for for your sake we have been put to death for your sake, as sheep of sheep.

Psalms 44:23 as long ago, get up ! why can you dorn, lord ? stand up, do not leave it always !

Psalms 44:24 when you are divided, why can you turn your face and forgive our affliction and affliction.

Psalms 44:25 it is different for us, because our life is humilied into the stof, our build has kept down to the ground.

Psalms 44:26 in the district of the country, " stand up, lord, help us for your name.

Psalms 45:1 for the musice of the musice. about the sons of korah

Psalms 45:2 you are greater greater than humanity, and grace is poured out of your leps. for this reason god blessed you for ever.

Psalms 45:3 in the same way, put your sword around your heup, you powerful, by your mounity and in your mounity !

Psalms 45:4 you will be enough and planted, reign and reign for the sake of truth, gentleness, and righteousness, and your right hand will lead you with wonderful.

Psalms 45:5 your pils are districted, the peoples will fall under you in the heart of the enemies of the king.

Psalms 45:6 the throne of your throne, o god, is forever. the scepter of your kingdom is a scepter of rectleness.

Psalms 45:7 you have loved the righteousness with you, and you hates lawlessness. therefore god your god has anointed you with honor of joy than your companions.

Psalms 45:8 from your clothes they are districted with myrrhe, aromatic, and aromatic clothing. they have rejoicing you from elfenfim, from which they celebrate you.

Psalms 45:9 there is many daughters of kings in your honor ! the koningin is stood by your right hand with linen clothing, dressed in purple clothing.

Psalms 45:10 listen to you, daughter, and see ! inclite your ear and forgive your people and your father ' s house.

Psalms 45:11 you will think that the king is desire for your mounity, because he is your lord.

Psalms 45:12 however, the daughter of tyrus will worship him with gift, and the rich of the people will sure your face.

Psalms 45:13 all the daughterly household of the daughter of the royal daughter, dressed with purt clothing.

Psalms 45:14 indeed, she will be brought to the king, a virgin after her, her neighbors will be brought to you.

Psalms 45:15 they will be brought to it with joy and joy, they will go into the palais of the king.

Psalms 45:16 in the world of your ancestors, you will be your sons. you will make them rulers over the whole earth.

Psalms 45:17 in every generation they will remember your name in every generation, so the peoples will praise you for ever and ever.

Psalms 46:1 just as it is for the musice of the musice, about the sons of korah. in fact, we will praise for me. for our god is our refugner and power, a help in the sufferings that find us.

Psalms 46:2 in this way we will not be afraid, for this reason we will not be afraid, because the earth is distressed, and the mountains passes in the hearts of the sea.

Psalms 46:3 they have difficulty, and their waters trembling, the mountains fluke because of his power. ( sela. )

Psalms 46:4 when they are in the other side of the river, they will rejoice the city of god, the holy sanctuary of the most high.

Psalms 46:5 god is in the middle of her, she will not be shaken. god will help her about morning.

Psalms 46:6 when the nations are difficult, the rulers turn up, he raised his voice, the earth was shaken.

Psalms 46:7 " in the same way the lord of the least will be with us, the god of jacob is our roof.

Psalms 46:8 in the same way, come and see the deeds of the lord, that he has done wonders on the earth.

Psalms 46:9 however, he will make strict toward the ends of the earth. he will break the bound, destroy the wadow, and will burn the waes with fire.

Psalms 46:10 you will be difficulty, and you will know that i am god. i will be exalted among the nations, i will be exalted on the earth. "

Psalms 46:11 " in the same way the lord of the least will be with us, the god of jacob is our roof.

Psalms 47:1 for the musice of the musice. for the sons of korah.

Psalms 47:2 " you will be confident that the most high here is terrible, great king over all the earth.

Psalms 47:3 however, he has made peoples under us and nations under our feet.

Psalms 47:4 he has chosen our own possession for us, the majesty of jacob whom he loves. ( sela. )

Psalms 47:5 god ascended as long ago with jubel, the lord in the trumpet of the trumpet.

Psalms 47:6 always, sing praise to our god ! cants, sing psalms to our king, cants !

Psalms 47:7 just as god is king of the whole earth, cants psalmes with intelligence !

Psalms 47:8 god as long ago has reigned over the gentiles, god seated on his holy throne.

Psalms 47:9 however, the rulers of the people gathered together with the god of the god of abraham, for the powerful of the earth are god. he is greatly distressed.

Psalms 48:1 the second psalm of the sons of korah. the second day of the next sabbath the lord is great, and he will be great praise in the city of our god, his holy mountain.

Psalms 48:2 the city of the great king is the room of all the earth, the mountain of zion, on the norden side, the city of the great king.

Psalms 48:3 " for the lord, the god, is districted in its towns, when he supports it.

Psalms 48:4 they think that the kings assembled, they went together.

Psalms 48:5 when they saw this, they were amazed, they were terrified and trembled.

Psalms 48:6 they were greatly distressed, difficulted there, suffering like a woman who is born.

Psalms 48:7 you will destroy the boats of tarsis with a violent spirit.

Psalms 48:8 we will be just as we have heard, just as we have heard in the city of the lord of majeshi, in the city of our god. god will perform it forever. sela.

Psalms 48:9 we have received such experience to your mercy, o god, in the middle of your temple.

Psalms 48:10 you will be just as your name, o god, is your praise to the ends of the earth. your right hand is full of righteousness.

Psalms 48:11 thus the mountain of zion will be rejoiced, the daughters of judah will joy because of your judgments.

Psalms 48:12 you will go around zion, arrest it, tell it in its torns.

Psalms 48:13 reject your hearts to its force, district its palats, so that you may proclaim to the other generation.

Psalms 48:14 they will be in order that this god is our god forever and ever. he will shepherd us for ever.

Psalms 49:1 for the musice. a psalm of the sons of korah. listen to these things, all nations ! listen, all the inhabitants of the world !

Psalms 49:2 " those who have been fathered and the people together, the rich and the poor.

Psalms 49:3 my mouth will speak wisdom, and my heart will speak knowledge.

Psalms 49:4 i will acknowledge my orecer as a parable, and i will make my defense with harp.

Psalms 49:5 i am difficult for what ? why will i fear on the day of evil ?

Psalms 49:6 those who hope on their power and rejoice over their great wealth !

Psalms 49:7 indeed, no one can be revealed to his brother, he will not give to god his reconciliation.

Psalms 49:8 he will be difficult and redemption of his life,

Psalms 49:9 he will be difficult, and will live forever, for he will not see destruction. when he see the wise, they will live.

Psalms 49:10 they will be different, so that the foolish and the ungodly will perish, and destroy their wealth to others.

Psalms 49:11 they will be divided, and their tombs are their tombs for ever, their wonders is from generation to generation. they call their name in their regions.

Psalms 49:12 he is like a district, but a person in honor, but does not understand. he is like the bear beast that are destroyed.

Psalms 49:13 their way are different, they are their conduct. but after these things they take great delight in their mouth.

Psalms 49:14 they will be just as sheep as sheep in the sheol. death will shepherd them, and the righteous will dominary them on the morning, and their power will be started in the sheol because of their glory.

Psalms 49:15 indeed, god will rescue my life from the power of the hades, because he will remove me.

Psalms 49:16 let you not be afraid, do not be afraid when a man is rich, whenever the glory of his house is revealed.

Psalms 49:17 you think that in his death he will not take all things, and his glory will not come down before him.

Psalms 49:18 you will be doing that in his life his life will be blessed, for he will praise you when you are good.

Psalms 49:19 in perseverance he will enter to the generation of his ancestors, and they will never see light.

Psalms 49:20 it is confident to a person in honor, but does not understand. he is like the bear beast that are destroyed.

Psalms 50:1 this is the sure of asaf. the god of god, the lord, speaks and called the earth from the east of the sun to the west.

Psalms 50:2 god will be revealed to him from zion, the majesty of his majestity.

Psalms 50:3 our god is suffering to him, and he will not destroy. fire will be burned before him, and around him is a great storm.

Psalms 50:4 he will called the heavens obove and the earth above, to judge his people.

Psalms 50:5 " in the same way, gather together to me my holy people who conserved his covenant with sacrifice. "

Psalms 50:6 in the same way the heavens will proclaim his righteousness, for god is the judge.

Psalms 50:7 " to you, my people, listen to this, and i will speak, israel, and i will testify against you. i am god your god.

Psalms 50:8 as for your sacrifices, i will not experience you for your sacrifices, but your branques are always before me.

Psalms 50:9 i will not take some beast from your house, or boats from your sheep.

Psalms 50:10 it is all the birds in the sea, for all the wild animals in the mountains on the mountains.

Psalms 50:11 " i know that all the birds in the sky, and all the birds of the field are with me.

Psalms 50:12 if i am hungry, i will not say to you, for the world belongs to me and everything that is in it.

Psalms 50:13 i will not eat the flesh of oxen or drink blood of boats ?

Psalms 50:14 add to the lord a sacrifice of praise, and repay the most high your promises.

Psalms 50:15 you will appear to him, and you will call me in the day of benefit. i will save you, and you will glorify me. "

Psalms 50:16 in the same way, god says to him, but to the impie god says, " why do you proclaim my commandments and take my covenant in your mouth ?

Psalms 50:17 as it is different, you has hated disciplinion, and you reject my words back.

Psalms 50:18 whenever you see a thief, you complete with him, and you put your part with adulterers.

Psalms 50:19 your mouth is full of evil, and your tongue completes false.

Psalms 50:20 you live in order against your brother and spoke to the son of your mother.

Psalms 50:21 you have done these things, but i was silent. you think that i am like you. i will reveat you, and i will stand it before you.

Psalms 50:22 nevertheless, understand this, you who forgives god, so that i will not destroy and not be anyone to save.

Psalms 50:23 the sacrifice of the sacrifice of praise will glorify me, and the one who practices his way, i will show him the salvation of god. "

Psalms 51:1 for the musice of the musice. a psalm of david. whenever nathan the prophet came to him, as he came to harsobebeeba when he entered batsobeba. indeed, o god, be mercy on me according to your great mercy, and according to your great mercy explete my transgressions !

Psalms 51:2 then, when it was completed, make me away from my transgression, and clean me from my sin.

Psalms 51:3 i will be confident that i know my transgressions, and my sin is always before me.

Psalms 51:4 you have sin against you, only against you, i have sinned, and i have done what is evil in your eyes, so that you may be justified in your words and be condemned when you judge.

Psalms 51:5 in importation, i have been taken in transgression, and my mother committed me in sin.

Psalms 51:6 you will be suffering in it ! look, you have loved the truth ! you have revealed to me the secret of your wisdom.

Psalms 51:7 you will make me suffering in hysop, so i will be clean. wash me, and i will be white than the sneag.

Psalms 51:8 you will give me generous joy with joy and joy, and the bearing bears will rejoice.

Psalms 51:9 however, keep away your face to my sins, and explete all my transgressions.

Psalms 51:10 make a clean heart in me, o god, and renew it with a free spirit.

Psalms 51:11 do not throw me away from your presence, and do not take away your holy spirit from me.

Psalms 51:12 indeed, give me the joy of your salvation, and strengthening me with a guilty spirit.

Psalms 51:13 i will instruct your conduct to the ungodly, and the ungodly will return to you.

Psalms 51:14 o god, god of my salvation, save me from the blood, god, god of my salvation, my tongue will rejoice your righteousness.

Psalms 51:15 you will think my lips, lord, and my mouth will proclaim your praise.

Psalms 51:16 i think that if you were willing a sacrifice, i will give, but you will not accept arder-brance.

Psalms 51:17 you will be just as a sacrifice that is a sacrifice to god. you, o god, will not destroy the stumbling and distressed spirit.

Psalms 51:18 by your great boness, lord, make good things for zion, and build the muur of jerusalem.

Psalms 51:19 whenever you spend the sacrifice of righteousness, offering and brance. then they will offer bees on your altar.

Psalms 52:1 to the end of the musice. a call of david. when doeg the edomita came and told saul and said to him, " david went to the house of suffering. why you have agreed with evil wrong ? "

Psalms 52:2 your tongue thoughts with false charges, your tongue thought as a destroyed destroyed, you deceives deceit.

Psalms 52:3 because you love something greater than good, the unrighteousness is greater than speaking righteousness.

Psalms 52:4 you love all the destruction, you false tongue !

Psalms 52:5 because of this, god will destroy you for all times, he will destroy you and destroy you from your tent, and will remove your root from the earth of the living.

Psalms 52:6 when the righteous will see it, they will be afraid, and they will rejoice over him :

Psalms 52:7 in the journey, there is a man who did not put god to his strength, but turned in his great wealth and became strengthened because of his impurity.

Psalms 52:8 in the journey, i will be like a olive olives in the house of god. i hope in the mercy of god forever and ever.

Psalms 52:9 in this way i will celebrate you for ever because you have done it, and i will repay your name because it is good before your holy people.

Psalms 53:1 the foolish man says in his heart, " there is no god ! " the foolish says in his heart, " there is no god ! " they were corrupted, they were ungodly defiled, there is no one who does good.

Psalms 53:2 " god is experienced from heaven to look for the people, to see if there is there who is wise, who seek god.

Psalms 53:3 in every way they all turn away, together they have become distressed. there is no one who does good, there is no one.

Psalms 53:4 all the ungodly workers of unrighteousness will not understand, they who eat my people as bread, but do not call to god.

Psalms 53:5 there they will be afraid of fear there, where there is no fear, because god dispersed the bears of those who present them. they have become ashamed because god has disjected them.

Psalms 53:6 it will be suffering, who will come from zion the salvation ! when god returns his people captive, jacob will rejoice, and israel will rejoice.

Psalms 54:1 for the musice of the musice. with instruments of instruments. a call of david. when the zifhits come and said to saul, " look, david is secret among us. in the same way, god must save me in your name, and by your power judge me ! "

Psalms 54:2 in the journey, o god, listen to my prayer, listen to my mouth.

Psalms 54:3 in the same way, the strangers stood up against me, and startful look for my life. they have not put god before them. ( sela. )

Psalms 54:4 since god is my help, the lord is my suffering, and the lord is the suffering for my soul.

Psalms 54:5 indeed, he will remove their evil things against my enemies, exterminy them by your truth.

Psalms 54:6 i will offer sacrifice to you with free, i will praise your name, lord, because it is good.

Psalms 54:7 it is different that you have delivered me from all affliction, and my eye has seen about my enemies.

Psalms 55:1 for the musice of the musice. with instruments of hymns. a instruction of david. listen to my prayer, o god, and do not depart my call !

Psalms 55:2 instead, listen to me and listen to me. i am greatly distressed when i pray, and i am afraid.

Psalms 55:3 from the slander of the enemy, from the suffering of the immoral, because they turn away lawlessness against me and with anger they persecute to me.

Psalms 55:4 my heart is greatly distressed in me, and difficulty of death fell on me.

Psalms 55:5 there is great fear and trembling came over me, and darkness revealed me.

Psalms 55:6 in the wilderness i said, " oh, if i had wings like a duif, then i will stone and require.

Psalms 55:7 it is in the journey : look ! i will fuke away, and i will live in the wilderness.

Psalms 55:8 for in this way i expect to save from storm and storm from storm.

Psalms 55:9 indeed, destroy them, lord, and destroy their tongues, because i have seen lawlessness and confusion in the city.

Psalms 55:10 night and night there will turn around her muur, day and night, and impurity is in its middle.

Psalms 55:11 it is devoted to it, and violence and false does not depart from its places.

Psalms 55:12 i think that if a enemy obprisoned me, i would be rejected, and if the one who hates me has revealed against me, then i would be hidden from him.

Psalms 55:13 i will be different, you, a human control, my council and my knowledge.

Psalms 55:14 we were suffering with me together in the same way, and we went in the house of god with a company.

Psalms 55:15 in this way death let death come against them, and they will go down into the hades alive, because evil things are in their towns in their middle.

Psalms 55:16 i will be suffering, but i will call to god, and the lord will reause me.

Psalms 55:17 i will speak to them, on the after, on the morning and on the middad, i will speak and proclaim, and he will listen to my voice.

Psalms 55:18 though many people are with me, he will rescue my life in peace, because many of them are with me.

Psalms 55:19 in the same way god will hear and humble them, the one who is before the eternies. for they will not have encouragement, and they will not be afraid of god.

Psalms 55:20 indeed, the man extendes his hand by his companions, they defiled his covenant.

Psalms 55:21 his words were greater than olive oil, but his heart is approching. his words are greater than olive oil, but they are picks.

Psalms 55:22 you will throw your work against the lord, and he will perform you. he will never remove the righteous person.

Psalms 55:23 there will be different, but you, o god, will bring them down into a put of destruction. the people of blood and false will not find a held of their days. but i will hope in you.

Psalms 56:1 in the courts of the musice. over the large people of the large sanctuary, to david, when the philistins formed him in gat. wait, have mercy on me, lord, for human being afflicted me, every day he suffers against me.

Psalms 56:2 the whole day my enemies suffered against me, for many of those who strike against me from high.

Psalms 56:3 in two days i will fear, but i will refuke in you.

Psalms 56:4 i will be in god, i will praise his teaching always, in god i hope, i will not be afraid. what will flesh me ?

Psalms 56:5 in the whole day they are suffering by my words ; all their thoughts are difficulted against me for evil.

Psalms 56:6 they will be difficult for them, but they destroy my vinger, just as they desire to help my life.

Psalms 56:7 they will be difficult for their encouragement ? by your anger, o god, destroy the peoples.

Psalms 56:8 as long as i think my life, you put my tears before you ! is it in your promise ?

Psalms 56:9 in the day when i call, my enemies will turn back back to you ? i know that god is with me.

Psalms 56:10 i will be suffering to god, i will praise his message. in the lord i will praise his message.

Psalms 56:11 i will be confident in god, i will not be afraid. what can a person do for me ?

Psalms 56:12 i will be in me, o god, your promises. i will offer your gifts for you.

Psalms 56:13 you will be just for you, because you have saved my life from death and my feet from destruction to go before god in the light of the living.

Psalms 57:1 here, be mercy on me ! be mercy on me, o god, be mercy on me ! for i hope in the shadow of your flügels. wait, be mercy on me, o god, be mercy on me ! for i hope on you, because i hope in the shadow of your vinges until the transgression has passed.

Psalms 57:2 " in this way i will cry out to the most high god, to god who practice me.

Psalms 57:3 immediately he sent out of heaven and salvately save me. he reject those who persecute me. ( sela. ) god will send his mercy and his truth.

Psalms 57:4 it is different, and he has delivered my life from leonies. i am leading among humanity, whose teeth are pifts and pigs, and their tongue is a sharp sword.

Psalms 57:5 you will be suffered over the heavens, o god, and your glory is over the whole earth.

Psalms 57:6 they have prepared a strick for my feet, they put down my life. they grow a grow before me, but they fell into it.

Psalms 57:7 my heart is stable, o god, my heart is stable ; i will praise and cance.

Psalms 57:8 watch up, my glory ! rebuke, harp and harp. i will be raised on the morning.

Psalms 57:9 in every way i will praise you, lord, among the peoples, i will sing praise to you among the nations.

Psalms 57:10 i will be suffering that your mercy is great until heaven, and your truth is like the clouds.

Psalms 57:11 you will be suffered over the heavens, o god, and your glory is over the whole earth.

Psalms 58:1 you think to the musice : " do not destroy ! " for david. if you speak right, you speak righteousness rectly, you people of people ?

Psalms 58:2 you are difficult in the heart, and you practice ungodly in the earth.

Psalms 58:3 from mouth the sinners were abandoned from the mouth ; they were deceived from birth and speak false.

Psalms 58:4 their anger is completed as the serpent of the serpent, like a stumbling serpent, who causes his ears.

Psalms 58:5 it is a secret who does not listen to the sound of the sexually sexual sexual toward.

Psalms 58:6 god, as much of them, broke their teeth in their mouth ! lord, destroy the stone of the leons !

Psalms 58:7 something they will be destroyed, like watering water, and he will spend his bound until they fall.

Psalms 58:8 it will be difficult like a horn, they will be destroyed. they will burn down with fire, and they do not see the sun.

Psalms 58:9 it is just as the thorns of your thorns understand the dorm, it will destroy you like living in anger.

Psalms 58:10 suddenly the righteous will rejoice when he finds justice, he will strike his hands by the blood of the impie.

Psalms 58:11 the people will say, " if there is fruit for the righteous, then there is god who judges in the earth. "

Psalms 59:1 the musice of the musice. " do not destroy. " david, when saul sent out to guard his house to execute him, thus you, my god, remove me from my enemies, and reject me from those who rose against me.

Psalms 59:2 reject me from the lawless workers of lawlessness, and save me from the people of blood !

Psalms 59:3 you think that they agrew against my life ! powerful people have assembled against me, not my transgression or my sin !

Psalms 59:4 i will be difficult without lawlessness, they courts and courts. stand up against me and see.

Psalms 59:5 you, lord, god of the leaders, god of israel, come to visit all the nations ! do not give mercy for all the lawlessers. ( sela. )

Psalms 59:6 they will turn back to the evening, gather like a hund and walks around the city.

Psalms 59:7 they are recognized with their mouth, their mouth are in their lips. " for they say, " who is heard ? "

Psalms 59:8 indeed, lord, you will rike over them, you will contempt all the nations.

Psalms 59:9 in the hope of my power i will beware to you, because god is my roof.

Psalms 59:10 in the appearance of my god, my god will prophesy to me, god will show my sight for my enemies.

Psalms 59:11 you will be in order that you will not kill them, so that my people may not forgive them, threw them out by your power and put them down !

Psalms 59:12 they will reject the transgression of their mouth, the message of their lips, so that they will be gathered by their arrogance, and by praise and false defense.

Psalms 59:13 make them destroyed in wrath, destroy them with anger, so that they will know that god is the ruling prince of jacob to the end of the earth. ( sela. )

Psalms 59:14 they will turn around in the ahead of the evening, they gather like a hund and walks around the city.

Psalms 59:15 in the journey, they will be destroyed for something, and if they do not be satisfied, they are proclaiming.

Psalms 59:16 i will be generous, but i will praise your power, and in the morning i will rejoice of your mercy, for you were my roof, my burder on the day of my bender.

Psalms 59:17 in the number of you, i will praise to you, for you, my god, you are my roof, my god, my mercy.

Psalms 60:1 here ' s god, as long as he separed the mesopotamia of mesopotamia and the aramaians of soba. and joab returned and sconght on the soon of the salt, twelve thousand thousand of soba. then joab returned and struck on the soon of the salt, twelve thousand thousand. in this way, god ' s god, have rejected us and destroyed us.

Psalms 60:2 when you completed the earth, you destroyed it. heal its crumbs, because it is blussed.

Psalms 60:3 you have shown us hard for your people, you made us drink of complete wine.

Psalms 60:4 you gave these signs to those who fear you, so that they will fuke away because of the bound.

Psalms 60:5 as long as your dear friends may be saved, save with your right hand, and exaus me !

Psalms 60:6 god has spoken to him in his holy place : i will rejoice, i will divided shekem, and i will meat the dal suckot.

Psalms 60:7 however, gilead is mine, manases is mine, efraim is the force of my head, judah is my scepter.

Psalms 60:8 for moab is the stear of my roof ! on edom i will strike my sandals ; over filisth, rejoice ! "

Psalms 60:9 in the way of this, who will bring me into the burdering city ? who will lead me into edom ?

Psalms 60:10 is not you, o god, who rejected us, and does not go out, o god, with our leaders !

Psalms 60:11 indeed, give us a suffering for us from the affliction, for human salvation is impossible.

Psalms 60:12 we will be suffering to him, but with god we will perform power, and he will destroy our enemies.

Psalms 61:1 to the musice of the musice. with instruments of hymns. to david. o god, listen to my supplice, listen to my prayer !

Psalms 61:2 from the ends of the earth, i will call to you when my heart is heard. make me high on a rock.

Psalms 61:3 because you were my hope, a great torn from the enemy.

Psalms 61:4 in my tent i will live in your tabernacle forever, i will be rejected in the mountain of your wings.

Psalms 61:5 you will be suffering that you, o god, heard my promises, you gave the inheritance to those who fear your name.

Psalms 61:6 you will be proclaimed for every day for the day of the king, and his years will be like in generations.

Psalms 61:7 it will remain in generous generations in the presence of god. may mercy and truth require him.

Psalms 61:8 in the journey, i will praise your name forever and ever, to repay my promises day for day.

Psalms 62:1 to the musice of the musice. over jeduthun, a psalm of david. if i see it, my life will be subjected to god, for my salvation is from him.

Psalms 62:2 he is my roof and my savior, my roof, my roof, i will never be shaken.

Psalms 62:3 you will be just as long, how much longer you will think against a man ? you will all destroy, he will be like a destroyed wall.

Psalms 62:4 however, they have intended to reject my honor. they court falsly, they praise their mouth, but in their hearts they praise.

Psalms 62:5 nevertheless, reject to god, my soul, for my endurance is from him.

Psalms 62:6 for he is my roof and my savior, he is my roof ; i will never be removed.

Psalms 62:7 in god is my hope and my glory, for god is my roof, my roof, and my hope is in god.

Psalms 62:8 in the much longer, all the people, hope on him ! bring your hearts out before him, for god is our burce.

Psalms 62:9 the people of human hearts are false, the people are false. they are false for the people. they are committed ungodly, they are toward a suffering together.

Psalms 62:10 instead, do not hope for ungodly, do not destroy the striction. if riches remains, do not think your heart.

Psalms 62:11 god has added two times, for two times i have heard :

Psalms 62:12 as long as it is the power of god, and to you, lord, is mercy, for you will repay each one according to his deeds.

Psalms 63:1 just as he is in the wilderness of judah, while he was in the wilderness of judea. to you, o god, you are my god. i am during you early, my life suffers for you in a wilderness, wilderness, and wilderness.

Psalms 63:2 i appeared to you in the holy place to see your power and praise.

Psalms 63:3 because your mercy is better than life, my lips will praise you.

Psalms 63:4 when i live, so i will praise you as long as i live, i will reveat my hands in your name.

Psalms 63:5 my soul will be satisfied like fast, my soul will be satisfied, and my mouth will praise with great rejoicing.

Psalms 63:6 " in my bed i will remember you, and in my bed i will remember you.

Psalms 63:7 just as you were my help, i will rejoice in the sombra of your vinger.

Psalms 63:8 in the journey, my soul is clossed for you, your right hand receives me.

Psalms 63:9 whenever they are trying to look for my life, they will enter the abyss of the earth.

Psalms 63:10 they will be proclaimed in the hand of the sword, and they will be a part of ashers.

Psalms 63:11 in the journey, the king will rejoice in god. everyone who swears by him will be praised, because the mouth of those who speak false will be stopped.

Psalms 64:1 to the musice of the musice. a psalm of david. o god, listen to my voice when i pray, remove my life from fear of the enemy.

Psalms 64:2 from the contriction of the evil people, because of the multitude of lawlessers.

Psalms 64:3 they spend their tongues as a sword, threw their bound with bitter words.

Psalms 64:4 it is in the journey to bound ungodle in secrees, they will constantly arrest him and will not be afraid.

Psalms 64:5 they are greater belonging for themselves with a evil message. they proclaimed to secret the laches, they say, " who will see them ? "

Psalms 64:6 there is something experienced lawlessness, they are experienced together. people and foolish hearts are approached.

Psalms 64:7 god will be enough high, and god will be exalted with pick, their plagues will be difficult.

Psalms 64:8 they will be districted, their tongue will be astonished over them, all who see them will be terrified.

Psalms 64:9 there will be different, and everyone will be afraid, and they will reveal what god has done, and they will understand his deeds.

Psalms 64:10 the righteous will rejoice in the lord, and will hope in him, and all the ungodly of heart will praise him.

Psalms 65:1 for the musice of the musice. a psalm of david.

Psalms 65:2 as long as you obey my prayer, every human body will come to you.

Psalms 65:3 if there are different things, they reject us, but you reject our transgressions.

Psalms 65:4 we will be generous, blessed is the one you chosen and received to live in your loaves. we will be filled with the good will of your house, the holy of your temple, great in righteousness.

Psalms 65:5 however, you will be respected to us, you god of our salvation, the hope of all the ends of the earth and the far as far.

Psalms 65:6 he is in it who by his power prepared the mountains, dressed with power.

Psalms 65:7 it is in the city who conters the flock of the sea, the ground of its honds, the ground of the nations,

Psalms 65:8 those who live in the east will be afraid of your miraculous signs. you will protect the passing of the morning and the afternoon.

Psalms 65:9 " in the message i will visit the earth and encourage it. you make it great rich. the river of god is filled with water ; you prepared their food, because so you are prepared.

Psalms 65:10 it is greatly difficult, you bear its roaders, it revees its produce, it revees its food.

Psalms 65:11 you will be difficulty, you will give thanks for the year of your kindness, and your countryside will be full of hard.

Psalms 65:12 the gifts of the wilderness are full of joy, and the collings will be clothed with joy.

Psalms 65:13 in the wilderness of the sheep of the sheep of the sheep, the dales are full of wheat. they call out and praise.

Psalms 66:1 for the musice of the musice. a psalme of the resurrection. rejoice to god, all the earth !

Psalms 66:2 in the same way, cance praise to his name, give glory of his praise !

Psalms 66:3 you will say to god, " how terrifious are your deeds ! because of your great power your enemies will sure you !

Psalms 66:4 the whole earth will be suffering to you, they will worship you and praise to you, they will praise your name. "

Psalms 66:5 in the same way, come and see the deeds of god ! it is terrible in his servant for the human sons.

Psalms 66:6 you spend the sea to a drow. they went through the flod in the river. there we rejoice in him.

Psalms 66:7 it is difficulty to the one who domines with his power forever. his eyes will see to the nations, the rebellious should not experience to themselves.

Psalms 66:8 in the same way, you nations, praise our god, and listen to his praise !

Psalms 66:9 in the way of the one who has put our life to life and does not give him to shake my feet.

Psalms 66:10 just as you have rejected us, o god, you contempted us as the silver clothes.

Psalms 66:11 you have brought us difficulty into the lack, you put suffering on our pains.

Psalms 66:12 you have put people down on our heads, we went through fire and water, but you led us out to sin.

Psalms 66:13 " in this way i will enter your house with branques, and i will repay you my promises.

Psalms 66:14 when i am suffering, my lips are divided, and my mouth spoke in my suffering.

Psalms 66:15 indeed, i will offer for you members of members, with incense and flowns, and i will offer beavs and boats.

Psalms 66:16 you all who fear god, come and listen to him, all you who fear god, what he has done for my life.

Psalms 66:17 i think to him with my mouth, and he was exalted under my tongue.

Psalms 66:18 if in my heart i appeares, the lord would not listen.

Psalms 66:19 for in this way god heard me, he expected the voice of my prayer.

Psalms 66:20 blessed is god ! blessed is god who did not reject my prayer and not rejected his mercy from me !

Psalms 67:1 for the musice of the musice. with instruments of hymns. thus god will give us mercy and give us thanks, to reveal his face to us. ( sela. )

Psalms 67:2 i will experience to understand your way on earth and your salvation among all the nations.

Psalms 67:3 in every way, peoples will praise you, o god, all the peoples will praise you.

Psalms 67:4 let the nations rejoice and rejoice, because you will judge people with rectleness, and you will lead the nations on earth. ( sela. )

Psalms 67:5 in every way, peoples will praise you, o god, all the peoples will praise you.

Psalms 67:6 however, god produces her fruit, god our god will praise us.

Psalms 67:7 god is going to thank us, and all the ends of the earth will fear him.

Psalms 68:1 to the musice of the musice. to david. a psalm of david. let god stand up, so that his enemies will be dispersed, and those who hates him will fly before him.

Psalms 68:2 it will be something like a smoke of smoke, and it will destroy, as a row lives from the fire, so the sinners will fall from god ' s presence.

Psalms 68:3 they will be different, but the righteous will be glad in the presence of god, they will be revealed with joy.

Psalms 68:4 just as you think to god, praise to his name ! make the way to the one who rings on the west. his name is lord, rejoice before him !

Psalms 68:5 god is in his holy place for the father of orfthe and judge of women, in his holy place.

Psalms 68:6 god exalts his possessions in the house, he produces captives out in flesh, but the rebellious people live in the tombs.

Psalms 68:7 " god will be just as you go out before your people when you went through the wilderness. ( sela. )

Psalms 68:8 just as the heavens trembled, the heavens destroyed from the presence of god. this was sinai from the presence of the god of israel.

Psalms 68:9 because you, o god, completed your complete food because of your possession. he was sick, but you prepared it.

Psalms 68:10 your living creatures live in it, you prepared to the poor in your goodness for the poor.

Psalms 68:11 the lord proclaimed a message to those who proclaim the good news :

Psalms 68:12 the king of the leading of the household are districted, and the household of the house will divorce practice.

Psalms 68:13 " in the journey, if you leave among the calls, you will be revealed the vinger of doves clothing and its pieces with glass of gold.

Psalms 68:14 as the all-powerful, when the all-powerful divided king on it, there was women in salmon.

Psalms 68:15 when the mountain of basan is over the mountain of basan, a mouned mountain is the mountain of basan.

Psalms 68:16 you are difficult, why you think, you high mountains ? to the mountain god has pleased to live in it, and the lord will live for all times.

Psalms 68:17 " thus the lord ' s wags is toward them, thousand thousand of thousand. the lord is among them in sinai in the sanctuary.

Psalms 68:18 you have come to high, you captived captives, you received gifts among people, even disobedient, so that the lord god would live.

Psalms 68:19 blessed is the lord, day for day he will respect us, the god of our salvation !

Psalms 68:20 god is our god, god of salvation, and from the lord god comes out of death.

Psalms 68:21 it will be different, but god will destroy the head of his enemies, the head of the hair of those who practice in their transgressions.

Psalms 68:22 " it will be difficult, says the lord, " i will bring him back from basan, will turn back from the lives of the sea,

Psalms 68:23 it is different, so that your flesh would come in blood, and the tongue of your hunds will be from your enemies.

Psalms 68:24 the passions of my god, my king, the passions of my god, my king, in the sanctuary.

Psalms 68:25 in the district of district, rulers gathered along, in the middle of the daughters.

Psalms 68:26 you will be suffering in the churches, praise god, the lord from the spring of israel !

Psalms 68:27 benjamin, a young man, is there. the rulers of judah, their rulers, the rulers of zebulun, the rulers of neftali.

Psalms 68:28 however, god ' s god has commanded your power. strengthen, o god, what you has done for us !

Psalms 68:29 you will be districted to you from your temple in jerusalem. the kings will bring you preses.

Psalms 68:30 rebuke the wild beast of the beast, the group of the horns with the horns of the people, so that those who are put to silver to the silver courts will disstroy the nations who want the battle.

Psalms 68:31 however, senderers will come from egypt, the etiopia will extend its hands against god.

Psalms 68:32 you will be districted to god ! cants to god, giving psalms to the lord.

Psalms 68:33 you will be districted, praise to god, who ascends on the heavens of heaven in the east ! look, he will give his voice, a large voice.

Psalms 68:34 you will give experience honor to god. his majesty is over israel, and his power is in the clouds.

Psalms 68:35 the god of israel is terrible in his sanctuary, god of israel, who gives power and power to his people. blessed is god !

Psalms 69:1 for the musice of the musice. by david. i will see how much ! save me, o god, for water has come to my soul !

Psalms 69:2 i will be destroyed into a put of put, and there is no distinction. i went into the difficults of the sea, and a storm destroys me.

Psalms 69:3 i have greatly tried, i cry out : " my garn is torn, my eyes are destroyed, because i hope to my god.

Psalms 69:4 those who hates me without reason are greater than the hair of my head. those who persecute me without reason are greater than what i did not raise.

Psalms 69:5 " god is suffering for you ! you know my foolishness, and my transgressions will not be revealed from you.

Psalms 69:6 let them not be ashamed because of me those who refuse to you, lord, lord of the saints ! let not those who cause you be ashamed because of me.

Psalms 69:7 i think that for your sake i have brought insult, and confusion has revealed my face.

Psalms 69:8 i became in order for my brothers and a fremdering for my mother ' s children.

Psalms 69:9 you think that the jealous of your house have destroyed me, and the insults of those who insult you have fallen on me.

Psalms 69:10 since i was difficult, i gathered my life with faste, but it became a insult for me.

Psalms 69:11 when i walked, i put my clothing in a sack clothing, but i became a parable for them.

Psalms 69:12 when they think about me, those who live in the city, think about me, and those drinking of wine complete about me.

Psalms 69:13 when i appeares, but i pray, because i pray to you, o lord ! for the great mercy of your mercy, reantwoord me in the truth of your salvation.

Psalms 69:14 it is in the journey : save me from the mute, so that i will not be shaken. let me be saved from those who hates me and from the deep water.

Psalms 69:15 i will be difficult, do not destroy me, the puts of water will not destroy me, or a put make his mouth against me.

Psalms 69:16 however, listen to me, lord, for your mercy is good, hold attention to me according to your great mercy.

Psalms 69:17 just as i am suffering, do not destroy your face to your servant, for i am suffering. leave me quicge.

Psalms 69:18 just as it is, keep attention to my life and release her, because of my enemies save me.

Psalms 69:19 because you know my confusion, my confusion, my confusion, and my confusion. all my enemies are before you.

Psalms 69:20 in devotion, i have greatly insulted, and i have encouraged. i refused to be suffered, but there was no more. i were encouraged, but i did not find.

Psalms 69:21 when i were thirsty they gave me brief for my food, and in my thirst they prepared me suffering.

Psalms 69:22 let their table become their stone for their eyes, as a strick, a recompensa, and a stumbling block.

Psalms 69:23 let their eyes be astonished so that they can not see, and put away their mounts always !

Psalms 69:24 he will put the wrath of your wrath on them, and let the wrath of your wrath destroy them.

Psalms 69:25 in their house let their house become deserted, and let no one live in their tents.

Psalms 69:26 they will be asserved that they persecute the one you suffered, and they insult the ground of those you have killed.

Psalms 69:27 indeed, you will be rejected to them, you will repay their lawlessness, so that they will not enter in your righteousness.

Psalms 69:28 let them be experienced from the book of the living, and must not be written with the righteous.

Psalms 69:29 i will be revealed to the poor, and i am true, and may your salvation submit me, o god.

Psalms 69:30 i will be difficulty, i will praise the name of god with praise, i will make him great praise.

Psalms 69:31 it will be devoted to it, and it will be pleasing to the lord than a kalf of kalf and horns.

Psalms 69:32 the poor will see difficulty and rejoice, you who ask god, your life will live.

Psalms 69:33 you will be suffering for the lord to listen to the poor, and does not destroy his prisoners.

Psalms 69:34 it is different, the heavens and the earth will praise him, the sea, and everything that lives in them.

Psalms 69:35 you will be confident that god will save zion, and the city of judah will be build up, and they will live there and inherit it.

Psalms 69:36 the seed of his servants will inherit it, and those who love his name will live in it.

Psalms 70:1 these things are to the musice of the musice. to david, to remember of these things. to salvation me, lord god, come to my help !

Psalms 70:2 they will be ashamed and ashamed those who asks my life ; they will turn back and be ashamed those who want evil to me.

Psalms 70:3 those who say " aha, aha ! " those who say " aha, aha ! "

Psalms 70:4 may all those who seek you be joy and rejoice in you ; those who love your salvation say always, " exalted be god ! "

Psalms 70:5 they will be suffering to him, but i am poor and poor ! lord, be my help and my savior. lord, do not destroy ! "

Psalms 71:1 in you, o lord, i have confident in you. i will not be ashamed for ever.

Psalms 71:2 just as you are in your righteousness, save me and save me ! lead your ear to me and save me !

Psalms 71:3 you will be my burner to be a burce for me for every longer. you have proclaimed to save me, because you are my roof and my roof.

Psalms 71:4 insulted me, my god, from the hand of the imrighteous, from the hand of the ungodly and ungodly.

Psalms 71:5 you will be confident that you are my hope, lord, lord, my hope from my jeugn.

Psalms 71:6 i will be suffered against you from birth, you are rejected me from the birth of my mother. for you is my praise always.

Psalms 71:7 i am like a miracle for many, but you are my force force.

Psalms 71:8 may my mouth be fully filled with praise, so that i will praise your majesty, all day with your majesty.

Psalms 71:9 you must not throw me away in the time of old, and not destroy me when my power is destroyed.

Psalms 71:10 i will be doing that my enemies speak about me, and those who obey my life consider together.

Psalms 71:11 as long as they think : " god has forgiven him ! persecute him and take him down, for there is no one to save. "

Psalms 71:12 o god, i will be suffering, do not be abandoned from me, my god, come to my help !

Psalms 71:13 some of them will be ashamed and destroyed, those who present my life. let those who cause my evil will be thrown in confusion and confusion.

Psalms 71:14 i will be difficult, but i will refuke always, and i will repay all your praise.

Psalms 71:15 i will make my mouth proclaim your righteousness, the whole day of your salvation, because i do not understand the law.

Psalms 71:16 in every way i will enter in the power of the lord, the lord, and i will remember your righteousness alone.

Psalms 71:17 just as you have instructed me, o god, from my jeugn, and until now i proclaimed your wonders.

Psalms 71:18 do not destroy me, o god, since i will make your power to the coming generation, your power to all those who are coming, your power and righteousness.

Psalms 71:19 you, o god, is like the most high ! for you have done great things. god, who is like you ?

Psalms 71:20 you will put me back from the abyss that you show me many, but you will remove me again and bring me back from the abyss of the earth.

Psalms 71:21 you have revealed your great grandeur, and you turn back to me, but you will bring me back from the abyss of the earth.

Psalms 71:22 i will be suffering with harp, and i will celebrate your truth, my god ! i will sing psalms to you with harpa, you holy of israel !

Psalms 71:23 when i will praise to you, my lips will be rejoiced when i will praise to you, and my life that you have delivered.

Psalms 71:24 indeed, my tongue will speak the whole day of your righteousness ; for those who cause my evil will be ashamed and ashamed.

Psalms 72:1 for experience salomon, o god, give the king your judgment and your righteousness to the son of the king.

Psalms 72:2 it is different to judge your people with righteousness and your poor with judgment.

Psalms 72:3 thus the mountains the mountains will take peace for the people, and the collings with righteousness.

Psalms 72:4 he will judge the poor of the people, and will save the people of the poor, and will destroy the suffering.

Psalms 72:5 he will be long as the sun and the moon, generations in generations.

Psalms 72:6 he will come down in a district, he will come down as reaving rain, as a rain that brings to the ground.

Psalms 72:7 in his days the righteous will rise in his days, and there will be great peace until the moon will be completed.

Psalms 72:8 he will be domined from the sea to the sea, from the river to the ends of the world.

Psalms 72:9 the people of the wilderness will fall in his presence, and his enemies will lead the stof.

Psalms 72:10 thus the kings of tarsis and the island will bring a gift to the kings of the kings and seba.

Psalms 72:11 however, all the kings will worship him, all the nations will serve him.

Psalms 72:12 in the journey, he will refried the poor who help him, and the poor who does not help him.

Psalms 72:13 he will respect the poor and the poor, and he will save the souls of the poor.

Psalms 72:14 he will rescue their souls from violence, he will rescue their souls from unjustice, and their name will be precious in his eyes.

Psalms 72:15 in the evening of the evening he will live, and he will be given to him from the gold of saba, and they will pray for him always, and he will praise him always.

Psalms 72:16 it will be suffering in the ground in the earth, on the top of the mountains, its fruit will be like the incense of the incense, and those of the city will destroy like the grass of the earth.

Psalms 72:17 his name will be blessed forever. before the sun remains, his name will remain. in him will be blessed, and all the nations will praise him blessed.

Psalms 72:18 blessed is the lord god, the god of israel, who alone practices wonders !

Psalms 72:19 may his glorious name be blessed forever and ever. and the whole earth will be filled with his glory. amen and amen.

Psalms 72:20 as many times, the prayers of david, the son of isai, were abandoned.

Psalms 73:1 there is a sure of asaf. for god is good for israel for those who are rectled with heart.

Psalms 73:2 for it is for me for a little while my feet destroyed, for a little time my feet have divided.

Psalms 73:3 just as i was hard for the ungodly, because i saw the peace of the immoral.

Psalms 73:4 they are devoted that they have no confusion for their death, but their strength is strengthened.

Psalms 73:5 they are not suffered with human plagues, and they will not be suffered as others.

Psalms 73:6 however, they are difficult, because arrogance causes them, their ungodliness are clothed.

Psalms 73:7 in the district, their wrong will come out of grain, their hearts are divided by their hearts.

Psalms 73:8 they are difficult, with evil things they speak ungodly, they speak to high.

Psalms 73:9 they spend their mouth to heaven, and their tongue passes on the earth.

Psalms 73:10 for it is different, for this reason his people will return here, and full of times they will be found for them.

Psalms 73:11 he says, " how can god understand ? is knowledge in the most high ? "

Psalms 73:12 whether they are sinners, these people are sinners, they are recognized and reject wealth.

Psalms 73:13 in the journey, i said, ' indeed, i have justified my heart and washed my hands in uninnocent.

Psalms 73:14 indeed, i was afflicted the whole day, and my refution is for the ahead of morning.

Psalms 73:15 if i say, " i will speak like this, ' look, i have defiled to the generation of your children. "

Psalms 73:16 in the night i received to understand this, but it was hard in my eyes,

Psalms 73:17 as long as i came into the sanctuary of god and understood the last of them.

Psalms 73:18 you have put them in order, because you put them down in false places, you throw them down in their destruction.

Psalms 73:19 however, they have become destructed ! they are destroyed and perish because of their lawlessness.

Psalms 73:20 when you rise, you will be like a droom when you rise. lord, you will destroy their image in your city.

Psalms 73:21 just as my heart was hard and my clouds were greatly distressed,

Psalms 73:22 i was different, but i did not know. i was a beast before you.

Psalms 73:23 always i am always with you, because you arrested my right hand.

Psalms 73:24 you will lead me in your conscience, and in glory me will receive me.

Psalms 73:25 i will be different for you. for there is what i have in heaven except you. i do not want anything on the earth than you.

Psalms 73:26 indeed, my heart and my flesh are destroyed. but god is the roof of my heart and my part for ever.

Psalms 73:27 you will be different, because those who are abandoned from you will perish. you destroy all who prostitut from you.

Psalms 73:28 for it is different, but it is good for me to approach to god. i make my hope in the lord the lord, to proclaim all your practice.

Psalms 74:1 because of you, o god, have you rejected to all ever ? why your anger courts against the sheep of your weight ?

Psalms 74:2 " indeed, remember your people that you have completed from the beginning, whom you delivered, the scepter of your possession, the mountain of zion, where you live.

Psalms 74:3 in the same way, think your hands on their arrogance for all time, because the enemy has rejected in your sanctuary.

Psalms 74:4 those who hates you are in the middle of your feast, they make their miraculous signs for signs, but they do not understand.

Psalms 74:5 however, it will be difficulty for the inside of the courts.

Psalms 74:6 they threw the scroll in the wilderness, they destroy its gates together. they destroyed it with mugles and picks.

Psalms 74:7 these things they have burned in the fire your sanctuary, they have defiled the tabernacle of your name to the earth.

Psalms 74:8 they said in their hearts, " let us burn together ! " and they burned all the feast of god from the earth.

Psalms 74:9 we have not seen these miraculous signs. there is no prophet along, and there is no prophet who knows it again.

Psalms 74:10 it is different, how long, o god, will the enemy exsult ? the enemy will provoke away your name forever ?

Psalms 74:11 because of this, why can you turn your right hand and your right hand ? leave out of your boot and make it away !

Psalms 74:12 god is my king from long ago, he produces salvation in the middle of the earth.

Psalms 74:13 you have strengthened the sea with your power. you have broken the heads of the dragon on the water.

Psalms 74:14 in the journey, you have broken the heads of the dragon, and gave him to eat for the people of the etiopia.

Psalms 74:15 you have breed quellen and torrens, you destroyed great rivers.

Psalms 74:16 the day is something for you, and the night is your, you prepared light and sun.

Psalms 74:17 you have made all the region of the earth, you have formed something and something.

Psalms 74:18 in the order of this, remember this : the enemy insulted the lord, and a foolish people has persecuted your name.

Psalms 74:19 in this way, do not give it to the beast the soul of your poor, and not forgive the soul of your fathered.

Psalms 74:20 in the journey, look at your covenant, for the wilderness of the earth are fulfilled in the house of ungodly.

Psalms 74:21 thus the fathered must not turn away, the poor and fathered will praise your name.

Psalms 74:22 as long as it is, stand up, o god, justify your defense. remember the slander of the foolish of you always.

Psalms 74:23 in this way, do not forgive your enemy ' s voice, because the arrogance of those who hates you have ascended always.

Psalms 75:1 for the musice of the musice. do not destroy. he is a psalm of asaf. i will praise you, o god, we will praise, and we will call your name.

Psalms 75:2 when i take up a time, i will proclaim all your wonders. when i take up the time, i will judge right.

Psalms 75:3 " in the way the earth and all those who live in it are divided, i have confirmed its pils. ( sela. )

Psalms 75:4 " in the journey i say to the ungodly, " do not stumble ! " and to the sinners, do not exalt the horn !

Psalms 75:5 in the order, do not think your room in high, do not speak unjustice against god !

Psalms 75:6 you think that neither from the east or from the west or from the wilderness, or from the wilderness,

Psalms 75:7 it is impossible that god is a judge. he destroy one and exalts another.

Psalms 75:8 because it is in the hand of the lord that a cup is in the hand of the lord, full of wine, full of corns. nevertheless, all the imrighteous of the earth will drink and drink.

Psalms 75:9 i will be different, but i will rejoice for ever, will praise to the god of jacob.

Psalms 75:10 i will be equal, and all the horns of the impies will destroy, but the horns of the righteous will be exalted.

Psalms 76:1 it is about the musice of the musice. with instruments to praise with hymns. a psalm of asaf. if god is known in judea, his name is great in israel.

Psalms 76:2 it is different for him, and his place is in peace, and his woning in zion.

Psalms 76:3 there he will be there, he has broken knowledges of the bound, speed, sword, and battle.

Psalms 76:4 you are greater, greater than the eternal mountains !

Psalms 76:5 when all the unbelievers of their hearts were distressed, they suffered their sound, and all the wear men did not find their hands.

Psalms 76:6 because of your accusation, you, the god of jacob, are suffered, the horses and the heips.

Psalms 76:7 as long as you are along, you are terrified ! and who will stand before you before your wrath ?

Psalms 76:8 for you, in the sky, you have heard the judgment. the earth was terrified and required.

Psalms 76:9 just as god is raised to judgment, to save all the poor of the earth. ( sela. )

Psalms 76:10 it will be suffering for you, because human offerings will celebrate you, and the rest of encouragement will celebrate to you.

Psalms 76:11 in the same way you should praise for him and give it to the lord your god. all who are around him will bring offering.

Psalms 76:12 he will reveal the spirits of the rulers, he is terrified for the kings of the earth.

Psalms 77:1 for the musice of the musice. for jeduthun. a psalm of asaf. i call out my voice to god, i call out with my voice to god, and he spoke to me.

Psalms 77:2 i will be in my difficult on the day of my suffering. i look for the lord at the night, but i was not treated. my soul causes to encourage him.

Psalms 77:3 in the longer i remembers god and was glad, i think, and my spirit requires. ( sela. )

Psalms 77:4 my eyes are difficult, i am suffered, and i do not speak.

Psalms 77:5 i required my thoughts of the long ago, for eternal years.

Psalms 77:6 in the earthly night i acknowledge with my heart, i pray about it, and my spirit requires.

Psalms 77:7 the lord will reject me forever, and he will never take great pleasure.

Psalms 77:8 it will be different for eternal, his mercy is destroyed from generation to generation.

Psalms 77:9 will god be rejected to give mercy ? will he come together in his anger his mercy ? ( sela. )

Psalms 77:10 as long as i said, " this is my completion ! the right hand of the most high is this.

Psalms 77:11 i will remember the works of the lord, for i will remember your wonders from the beginning.

Psalms 77:12 i will be difficulty, and i will pray about all your deeds, and i will remind about your deeds.

Psalms 77:13 " in the holy place you are, o god ! who is a great god like our god ?

Psalms 77:14 you are the god who practice wonders ! you made known your power among the peoples.

Psalms 77:15 you have by your hand freed your people, the sons of jacob and joseph. ( sela. )

Psalms 77:16 when the waters saw you, o god, the water saw you and were afraid, and the abyss were terrified.

Psalms 77:17 the gifts of the large voice gave out, the clouds threw out, and your pils passed away.

Psalms 77:18 the sound of your thunder is in the row, the blessing appeared to the world, the earth became trembling and trembling.

Psalms 77:19 your way will be in the sea, and your paths on many waters, but your fish will not be known.

Psalms 77:20 you conduct your people as a sheep as a sheep through moses and aaron.

Psalms 78:1 you have a instruction for asaf. my people, listen to my law ! lead your ear to the words of my mouth.

Psalms 78:2 i will make my mouth in parables, i will proclaim practices from the beginning.

Psalms 78:3 we think what we have heard and known, and our ancestors have proclaimed to us.

Psalms 78:4 we will not be hidden from their children, but we will proclaim to the eternal generation about the praise of the lord, of his power and his wonderful things he has done.

Psalms 78:5 however, he has confirmed a testimony in jacob and made a law in israel, which he commanded our ancestors to make it known to their children.

Psalms 78:6 the other generation may know that the other generation may know, the sons who will be born. they will stand up and tell it to their children.

Psalms 78:7 they will be orders to think in god their hope and not forgive the works of god and obey his commandments.

Psalms 78:8 it is just as their ancestors would be like their ancestors, a perverse and rebelly generation, a generation who did not recognize her heart and whose spirit was not believing with god.

Psalms 78:9 the descendants of the people of ephraim, who spend boog, returned on the day of battle.

Psalms 78:10 they did not obey the covenant of god and did not want to go according to his law.

Psalms 78:11 they have rejected his wonders and his wonders that he showed them.

Psalms 78:12 in the presence of their ancestors, he has done wonders in the land of egypt, the road of zoan.

Psalms 78:13 he caused the sea divided and passed them, he raised the water like a flock.

Psalms 78:14 however, he led them in a cloud on the day, and the whole night with a flaming of fire.

Psalms 78:15 he divided rocks in the wilderness and give them drink as water from the abyss.

Psalms 78:16 he produced water from rock and produced water like the rivers.

Psalms 78:17 indeed, they continued to sin against him, they rebelled against the most high in the wilderness.

Psalms 78:18 they spend god in their hearts to ask food for their own life.

Psalms 78:19 they began to speak with god and said, " may god make ready a table in the wilderness ?

Psalms 78:20 look, if he struck a rock, the waters flow and torrents were burned. even can he give bread or make a table for his people ? "

Psalms 78:21 because the lord heard this, he was distressed, and a fire appeared against jacob, and anger against israel.

Psalms 78:22 you think that they did not believe in god and not confident in his salvation.

Psalms 78:23 he instructed it, he commanded the clouds from above and opened the gates of heaven.

Psalms 78:24 he produced manna and gave manna on them to eat, and he gave them something of heaven.

Psalms 78:25 each person ate seventy bread of angels, and he sent them food to be satisfied.

Psalms 78:26 he produced the wilderness of the wilderness of the sky, and by his power he produced the negev.

Psalms 78:27 he produced flesh over them like a stof, wild birds like the stone of the sea.

Psalms 78:28 it has been districted in the middle of their leaders, around their tentions.

Psalms 78:29 just as they were eating, they were satisfied and were filled, and he gave them their desire.

Psalms 78:30 since their food is still in their mouth, their food was still in their mouth,

Psalms 78:31 when god ' s wrath was against them, the wrath of god ascended against them, and he killed those who were faithful of them, and destroyed the elect of israel.

Psalms 78:32 in all these things they in all these things have sinned again, but they did not believe his wonders.

Psalms 78:33 their days will be difficult and their days abandoned in suffering, and their years in confusion.

Psalms 78:34 when it causes them, they were looking for him, but they turned to him and turned on the morning to god.

Psalms 78:35 they are different and remembered that god was their roof, and god, the most high, is their redempter.

Psalms 78:36 they spend difficulty and suffered him with their mouth, and with their tongue they learn to him.

Psalms 78:37 they are suffering with him, but their heart was not right with him, and they were not believers in his covenant.

Psalms 78:38 in the journey, whenever he is merciful, he forgive their sins and does not destroy them. he continued to turn his wrath, and he did not destroy all his wrath.

Psalms 78:39 it is suffering in it, and he remembers that they are flesh, a wind going and does not return.

Psalms 78:40 many times they were rebelled against him in the wilderness, they provoked him to anger in a wilderness.

Psalms 78:41 they spend difficulty, but returned and tempted god, and provoked the holy one of israel.

Psalms 78:42 they are not remembered about him, not to remembers his hand, the day he delivered them from the enemies,

Psalms 78:43 in the number he has done in egypt his miraculous signs and his miraculous signs in the road of zoan.

Psalms 78:44 he spend their rivers in blood and put their rivers into blood, so that they would not drink.

Psalms 78:45 when it was divided, he sent figs to them, who destroyed them, and flashes that destroyed them.

Psalms 78:46 he spend them in the journey, and give them their fruit and their labor to the locusts.

Psalms 78:47 however, he has killed their vineyard with haugh, and their figs of the fig tree.

Psalms 78:48 however, he will put their flesh into the hail and their birds to the hail.

Psalms 78:49 among them he sent the wrath of his wrath, wrath, anger, and suffering, apostles of evil angels.

Psalms 78:50 he spend sin for his wrath, he does not spare their life from death, but has put their business to death.

Psalms 78:51 all the firstborn in egypt he will experience all the firstborn in egypt, the firstfruits of their hair in the towns of cham.

Psalms 78:52 it is like a district of them, but he has gathered his people as sheep and brought them as a sheep in the wilderness.

Psalms 78:53 he spend them suffering, but they did not be afraid, but the sea revealed their enemies.

Psalms 78:54 he will spend them in order and brought them into his holy region, to this mountain that his right hand has completed.

Psalms 78:55 he spend the nations in order of them and drives out nations from their presence. he gave them in possession of their possessions and possessed the tribes of israel in their tentes.

Psalms 78:56 they would be different against them, but they provoked him and provoked god, the most high, but did not obey his testimony.

Psalms 78:57 they are just as their ancestors is rebelled, they turned back and rebelled like their ancestors, and they returned like a districted boog.

Psalms 78:58 they spend him in order, and they provoke him to anger by their mountains, and by their idols they encouraged him.

Psalms 78:59 when god heard about this, he was greatly distressed, and he has greatly rejected israel.

Psalms 78:60 " he will be difficult, he has rejected the tabernacle of silo, his tabernacle where he bound among the people.

Psalms 78:61 thus he has brought his power in captivity, and his majesty will be given in the hand of a enemies.

Psalms 78:62 he is greatly difficult, but divided his people to the sword, and he exalts his own possession.

Psalms 78:63 they will be difficult, the fire devored their jeunes men, but their virgins does not mourn.

Psalms 78:64 their priests will be experienced with the sword, and their widows will not weep.

Psalms 78:65 however, the lord is raised as a dorn, like a held who cries out of wine.

Psalms 78:66 he was difficult, but divided his enemies. he has given them eternal confusion.

Psalms 78:67 he rejected the wilderness of joseph, but does not chose the tribe of ephraim.

Psalms 78:68 he will be different, but he chose the tribe of judah, the mountain of zion, whom he loves.

Psalms 78:69 in the district of it, he made his sanctuary like horns, as the earth he has themselves themselves themselves as a earth.

Psalms 78:70 he spend him in order, and he chose david his servant and carried him from the sheep of the sheep.

Psalms 78:71 he has seized him along from the clothing, to shepherd jacob his people, and israel his inheritance.

Psalms 78:72 he spend them in district, and he passed them in the ungodness of his heart. he leaded them by his own intelligence.

Psalms 79:1 o god, nations went to your arvedel, they have defiled your holy temple, they have made jerusalem as a stone.

Psalms 79:2 they spend the body of your servants to food for the birds of the sky, the flesh of your holy people to the wild birds.

Psalms 79:3 they spend their blood like water around jerusalem like water, and there is no one who enters them.

Psalms 79:4 we became difficulty for our neighbors, the spot and the slander of those around us.

Psalms 79:5 you will be respected, lord ! how much longer you will be anger ? your jealous will burn like fire ?

Psalms 79:6 indeed, send your wrath out on the nations who do not know you, and on the kingdom that do not call your name.

Psalms 79:7 you will be confident that they have eating jacob and destroyed his place.

Psalms 79:8 listen to us, do not remember us of the transgressions of long ago. immediately may your mercy come over us, because we were greatly distressed !

Psalms 79:9 be confident, help us, o god of our savior, because of the glory of your name, and save us and repay our sins because of your name.

Psalms 79:10 we will be doing that the nations should say, ' where is their god ? ' may be known among the nations before us the punishment of the spart blood of your servants.

Psalms 79:11 may the suffering of the captive enter before you. according to the great weak of your own bract remove the people who have been killed.

Psalms 79:12 you must give to our neighbors seven times than seven times the insultion with whom they have insulted you, lord.

Psalms 79:13 we will be different, but we, your people, the sheep of your money, we will acknowledge you for ever, and we will reveal your praise from generation to generation.

Psalms 80:1 it is about the musice of the musice. a psalm for asaf. a salment for the assurian. here, you who conduct joseph as a sheep, you who sits on the cherubs !

Psalms 80:2 in the presence of ephraim, benjamin, and manasseh, make your power up, and come to save us.

Psalms 80:3 as long to us, god, reject us ! reveal your face, so will we be saved.

Psalms 80:4 how much longer, lord, god of the mighty ! how much longer you will encourage the prayer of your servant ?

Psalms 80:5 you will give us practice with bread of tears, and you will give us drink with tears with a measure.

Psalms 80:6 you have made us in confusion for our neighbors, and our enemies spoke on us.

Psalms 80:7 lord, god of the leaders, remove us ! reveal your face, so will we be saved.

Psalms 80:8 you have gathered the vineyard from egypt, you gathered nations and planted it.

Psalms 80:9 you have proclaimed the way before her, and you planted its radies and filled the earth.

Psalms 80:10 whether the mountains of the moundation, the mountains of the mountains of god revealed it.

Psalms 80:11 it is the one who extended its branches to the sea, and its rives like the river.

Psalms 80:12 it is difficult for him, why have you destroyed its places, so that all who pass through it gound it up.

Psalms 80:13 the beast of the wêl insult it, and the wild wild wild produce it.

Psalms 80:14 " in the same way, god of the leaders, come to him. look at the sky from heaven and see, and repay this vineyard.

Psalms 80:15 it is the order that you have planted with your right hand, and the son that you forhered for yourself.

Psalms 80:16 they will be destroyed by the fire, he is destroyed ; they will perish from the desire of your face.

Psalms 80:17 let your hand be sure on the man of your right hand, against the son whom you forhered for yourself.

Psalms 80:18 we will be suffering, and we will never turn from you. live us along, and we will call your name.

Psalms 80:19 lord, god of the leaders, remove us ! reveal your face, and we will be saved.

Psalms 81:1 to the musice of the musice. about the winepress. a psalm of asaf. rejoice to the god of our force, praise to the god of jacob !

Psalms 81:2 you will praise giving harp, and give the harp, harp, harp, and cithars.

Psalms 81:3 in the new day you will trumpet, when the trumpet is in the new new day, on the day of our feast.

Psalms 81:4 you think that it is a instruction for israel, a judgment to the god of jacob.

Psalms 81:5 he made it as a testimony in joseph when he went out of egypt. i heard a language that i did not know.

Psalms 81:6 however, he has rejected him as a district. he rejected his hands in the harb.

Psalms 81:7 when you were in suffering, you called me, but i delivered you. in the secret of the storm i heard you, i proveed you at the water of meriba. ( sela. )

Psalms 81:8 " you, my people, listen to it, and i will testify against you ! israel, if you listen to me,

Psalms 81:9 you must not have any new god among you, and you must not worship another god.

Psalms 81:10 i am here your god, because i am the lord your god, who brought you out of the land of egypt. make your mouth out, and i will replete it.

Psalms 81:11 i bear them, but my people did not listen to my voice, and israel did not obey me.

Psalms 81:12 just as they were districted, i sent them away, and they began to go according to the desires of their hearts.

Psalms 81:13 " i will be difficult for my people, and israel heard me, israel wanted in my ways.

Psalms 81:14 i will be difficult in anything that i humble their enemies, and i extend my hand against their persecutions.

Psalms 81:15 the enemies of the lord will be difficult for him, and their time will be forever.

Psalms 81:16 it will be difficult from the flesh of fever, and i satisfied them with honey from the rock.

Psalms 82:1 there is a psalm of asaf. god is standing in the group of god, he judges among the dieux.

Psalms 82:2 how long as you will judge unjustice, and receive the face of sinners ? ( sela. )

Psalms 82:3 require the orfner and the orfner, justify the poor and fathered.

Psalms 82:4 you will reject the poor and poor, reject him from the hand of the impies.

Psalms 82:5 they neither understand it, and they do not understand. they walk in darkness, all the foundation of the earth will be shaken.

Psalms 82:6 as long as i said, you are gods, and you all are the sons of the most high.

Psalms 82:7 you will be just as people, but you will died as people, and you will fall like one of the rulers. "

Psalms 82:8 indeed, stand up, o god, judge the earth, for you will possessy all the nations.

Psalms 83:1 here, in this journey, a praise for the innocent things. o god, do not be astonished or complete, o god !

Psalms 83:2 just as your enemies are difficult, and those who hates you have raised your head.

Psalms 83:3 they will be difficulty against your people. they spend control against your people and considered against your saints.

Psalms 83:4 they said to them : " come, let us destroy them from a nation, so that the name of israel will not be remembered. "

Psalms 83:5 as long as they complete together, they made a covenant against you.

Psalms 83:6 the tabernacle of edom and the ismaelites, moab and hagarenites.

Psalms 83:7 on the region of gebal, ammon, amalec, the philistian with the inhabitants of tyre.

Psalms 83:8 even assur is accompanied with them, and they became a help to the sons of lot.

Psalms 83:9 make them just as to midian, with sisera as with jabin by the torrent kison.

Psalms 83:10 as many times they were destroyed in en-dor, and they became like a batch for the earth.

Psalms 83:11 indeed, make their rulers like oreb and zeeb and zeba and salmunna, all their rulers.

Psalms 83:12 as long as they said, " let us arrest the sanctuary of god for ourselves ! '

Psalms 83:13 as long as, my god, make them like a root, like a row before the wind.

Psalms 83:14 it is something like a fire that destroy the sea, like a flamm that burns the mountains.

Psalms 83:15 in the district, you will persecute them with your storm, and in your wrath destroy them.

Psalms 83:16 make their faces with dishonor, and they will look for your name, lord !

Psalms 83:17 let them be ashamed and ashamed for ever and ever ; they will be ashamed and destroyed.

Psalms 83:18 let them be different, so that they may know that you, your name, is lord, you are the most high over all the earth.

Psalms 84:1 it is about the musice of the musice. about the winepress, a psalm of the sons of korah. so as love, your wonders, lord of the leaders !

Psalms 84:2 my heart and my flesh will rejoice in the courts of the lord. my heart and my flesh rejoiced to the living god.

Psalms 84:3 it is just as a sparl has found a house for himself, and a turtely for itself, and he does not put its sicks, your altars, lord of the leaders, my king and my god !

Psalms 84:4 those who live in your house will be blessed forever ! they will praise you.

Psalms 84:5 here, blessed is the man against whom you reject ! in his heart, lord, is blessed !

Psalms 84:6 as long as it is in the vald of wear, he put them in a place, and the foundation produces blessing with blessing.

Psalms 84:7 in the number of thousand they will go with power to power, and god will appear to god in zion.

Psalms 84:8 " here, god of the leaders, listen to my prayer ! listen, god of jacob ! ( sela. )

Psalms 84:9 look at the order of our suffering, look, god, and see the face of your christ.

Psalms 84:10 it is beyond that one day in your courts is better than thousand, i have encouraged to be in the house of my god than to live in the tents of sinners.

Psalms 84:11 in the first way, for the lord god is mercy and truth, the lord will give grace and glory, and he will not strengthen what is good for those who live ungodly.

Psalms 84:12 the lord of the mighty, blessed is the man who hope in you !

Psalms 85:1 for the musice of the musice. for the sons of korah. just as you, lord, have delivered your land, you have rejected the captivition of jacob.

Psalms 85:2 you as long ago you forgive your people the transgressions, you have revealed all their sins. ( sela. )

Psalms 85:3 you abandoned all your wrath, you have rejected the wrath of your wrath.

Psalms 85:4 let us turn back, o god of our salvation, and put your wrath away from us !

Psalms 85:5 you will be experience to us for ever, or make your wrath away from generation to generation.

Psalms 85:6 you will be faithful, you will turn us back to life, and your people will rejoice in you.

Psalms 85:7 however, show us, lord, your mercy and give us your salvation.

Psalms 85:8 indeed, i will hear what the lord god will say. he will speak peace to his people, to his saints, but they will not turn back to him.

Psalms 85:9 indeed, his salvation is near those who fear him, so that glory will live in our land.

Psalms 85:10 may mercy and truth be completed, righteousness and peace kiss him.

Psalms 85:11 the truth of the truth comes out of the earth, and righteousness respect from heaven.

Psalms 85:12 it will be different, and the lord will give good, and our earth will give its fruit.

Psalms 85:13 the right will be right for him, he will go and lead the way for his passes.

Psalms 86:1 here, inclose your ohr, lord, and repay me, for i am a poor and poor.

Psalms 86:2 in the same way, protect my life because i am holy. save your servant, my god, who hope on you !

Psalms 86:3 wait, be mercy to me, lord, for i call out to you always.

Psalms 86:4 in the same way, rejoice the life of your servant, for to you, lord, i carry my life.

Psalms 86:5 you will be confident that you, lord, are good and clearly, and great mercy to all who call on you.

Psalms 86:6 indeed, lord, listen to my prayer, and listen to my suppliction.

Psalms 86:7 " in the day of my suffering, i will think to you, because you will answer me.

Psalms 86:8 in the law there there is no one like you among the dieux, lord, and there is no like your deeds.

Psalms 86:9 for all the nations you have done will come and worship before you, lord, and they will glorify your name.

Psalms 86:10 you are great, because you are great, and you do wonders. you alone are god.

Psalms 86:11 however, lead me, lord, your way, so that i will go in your truth. let my heart be glad to fear your name.

Psalms 86:12 i will love you with all my heart, lord my god, and i will glorify your name forever.

Psalms 86:13 just as your mercy is great over me, and you have saved my life from the difficult difficult.

Psalms 86:14 " in the same way, o god, the transgressions stood up against me, and a large group look for my life, and they have not put you before them.

Psalms 86:15 in the same way, you, lord, you are a mercy and mercy god, patient and great in mercy and true.

Psalms 86:16 look at me, and be mercy on me. give your power to your servant and save the son of your slave woman.

Psalms 86:17 make a miraculous sign with me for good, so that those who hates me will see it and be ashamed, because you, lord, help me and encouraged me.

Psalms 87:1 the psalm of the sons of korah is a psalm : his foundation is on the holy mountains.

Psalms 87:2 " in the same way, the lord loves the ports of zion over all the regions of jacob.

Psalms 87:3 something glorious things is spoken about you, o city of god !

Psalms 87:4 indeed, i will remember rahab and babylon to those who know me, and look, the philistion, tyre, and the etiopians : this is born there. "

Psalms 87:5 knowledge of the mother of zion will say, ' everyone in it has been fathered, and the most high has performed it.

Psalms 87:6 in the way the lord will proclaim when he wrote the people : " this one has been fathered there. "

Psalms 87:7 they will rejoice as giving joy, all your lives are in you.

Psalms 88:1 here, god of my salvation, is here, god of my savior ! in the day i call out for you, oh lord, god of my savior ! for day and night i call out before you.

Psalms 88:2 however, let my prayer enter before you, lead your ear to my supplice !

Psalms 88:3 because my life is filled with evil, and my life approaches the sheol.

Psalms 88:4 i was counted with those who scome into the ground, i am like a man who is free in the dead.

Psalms 88:5 they will be just as those who have been killed, seated in a tomb, whom you never remembered and who have been rejected from your hand.

Psalms 88:6 you have put me in a ground grow, in darkness, in secrees.

Psalms 88:7 your anger is suffered against me, you have brought me all your pieces. ( sela. )

Psalms 88:8 you have put my knowleders away from me, you put me to be a abominable for them. i have been destroyed without to go out.

Psalms 88:9 my eyes were distressed because of the affliction. i call to you, lord, always, i extend my hands on you.

Psalms 88:10 you will make me great wonders to the dead, or the healers will stand up and praise you.

Psalms 88:11 no longer will someone proclaim in the tomb your mercy and your truth in the destruction ?

Psalms 88:12 in the darkness of your miraculous wonders will not be known in the darkness, and your righteousness in the land of harvest.

Psalms 88:13 i is still to you, lord, i call out to you, and my prayer will come to you on the morning.

Psalms 88:14 o lord, why do you destroy my life, lord ? why can you turn your face to me ?

Psalms 88:15 since i am difficult, i am fatty, but from my jeugn i am difficulted, and i am difficulted.

Psalms 88:16 the suffering of your suffering passed over me, and your terrifies have terrified me.

Psalms 88:17 the whole day they gather around me like water, they rose me together like water.

Psalms 88:18 you have rejected from me the fellow friends and neighbor, and my knowleders from destruction.

Psalms 89:1 for the instruction of ethan the israelita. i will reveat your mercy, lord, for ever. in generations i will proclaim your truth in my mouth.

Psalms 89:2 i will be confident that you say, ' mercy will be strengthened for ever, your truth will be prepared in heaven.

Psalms 89:3 " i have made a covenant with my elect, i swore to david my servant :

Psalms 89:4 i will be revealed to the eternal time, and i will rebuild your throne from generation to generation. "

Psalms 89:5 the heavens will celebrate your wonders, lord, and your truth in the church of the saints.

Psalms 89:6 you think that who in the clouds will be rejected to the lord ? who among the children of god is like the lord ?

Psalms 89:7 god is confident in the control of the saints and terrible for all who live around him.

Psalms 89:8 " lord, god of the leaders, who is able to you, lord ? your truth is around you !

Psalms 89:9 you are the order of the creature of the sea, and if its mounts grow, you think it.

Psalms 89:10 you, with your great hand, you have afflicted those who have been killed. by your great brack you spread your enemies.

Psalms 89:11 the heavens are different for you, and the earth is yours. you have performed the world and everything that is in it.

Psalms 89:12 in the region of the norderside and the west you created. tabor and hermon will rejoice in your name.

Psalms 89:13 " your hand is sure with power, your hand is strengthened, your right hand is high.

Psalms 89:14 you will be experienced righteousness and judgment, the preparation of your throne. mercy and truth are going before you.

Psalms 89:15 blessed is the people who know the joy, lord ! they will go in the light of your face !

Psalms 89:16 they will be suffering in your name, they will rejoice in your name, and in your righteousness they will be exalted.

Psalms 89:17 you are impossible that you are the roasting of their power, and because of your pleasure our corn will be exalted.

Psalms 89:18 we think that our confidence is from the lord, and our king for the holy one of israel.

Psalms 89:19 " just in a vision you said to your saints in a vision, and you said, ' i have put a help to a held, i exalted a elect from my people.

Psalms 89:20 i have found david my servant, with my holy oil i anointed him.

Psalms 89:21 i will be suffered, for my hand will complete him, my arm will strengthen him.

Psalms 89:22 the enemy will not experience him, and the son of lawlessness will not suffer him.

Psalms 89:23 i will destroy his enemies from his presence, and i will destroy those who hates him.

Psalms 89:24 he will be different, and my truth and my mercy will be with him, and in my name the poor of him will be exalted.

Psalms 89:25 i will be suffering by it, and i will put his hand to the sea, and his right hand on the rivers.

Psalms 89:26 in the district, he will call to me, ' you are my father, my god, the roof of my savior. '

Psalms 89:27 i will be greater, and i will make him the firstborn. he will be high than the kings of the earth.

Psalms 89:28 it will be different for him for ever, and i will make my mercy to him, and my covenant will be faithful with him.

Psalms 89:29 it will be different, and i will make his descendants for ever and ever, and his throne will be like the days of heaven.

Psalms 89:30 it will be just as his sons left my law and does not follow my commandments.

Psalms 89:31 they will be just as they will defile my commandments and not obey my commandments.

Psalms 89:32 i will be experienced their transgressions with a staff, and their sins with picks.

Psalms 89:33 i will be devoted to it, but i will not destroy my mercy from it, and i will not destroy my truth.

Psalms 89:34 i will be difficult, and i will not violate my covenant, and i will never reject what comes out of my leps.

Psalms 89:35 in my presence, i swear one time in my holy place, that i will not suffer to david.

Psalms 89:36 his descendants will be generous, he will remain forever, and his throne will be like the sun before me.

Psalms 89:37 it will be completed as the moon forever, and a faithful witness is faithful in heaven. "

Psalms 89:38 you will be difficult, but you have rejected and rejected, you have rebelled against your christ.

Psalms 89:39 because you have rejected the covenant with your slave, you have profaned his sanctuary to the ground.

Psalms 89:40 you have districted all his foundation, you have put the force of his moundation.

Psalms 89:41 all who go through the road will destroy him, he has become a confusion for his neighbors.

Psalms 89:42 you exalted the right hand of his enemies, you have joined all his enemies.

Psalms 89:43 you have accompanied his sword, you have rejected his sword, yet you did not help him in the battle.

Psalms 89:44 you have rejected it in the order of their purification, you have rejected his throne to the ground.

Psalms 89:45 you have imprisoned him in the clothing of his time, you put him down with dishonor.

Psalms 89:46 you will be completed to how long, lord ? you will turn away for all times ? your wrath will burn like a fire ?

Psalms 89:47 as long as you are, remember what is my constance ! for how foolishly you have made all the human children ?

Psalms 89:48 he will be just as it is a person who will live and does not see death ? he will save his life from the power of the hades.

Psalms 89:49 you will be different from you. where are your former mercy, lord, that you swore to david because of your truth.

Psalms 89:50 in the suffering of you, lord, remember the slander of your servants, whom i held in my forehold of many nations.

Psalms 89:51 you will be suffering against you because your enemies insult, lord, by whom they have insulted the insult of your christ.

Psalms 89:52 it will be suffering to you ! blessed is the lord for ever ! amen ! amen !

Psalms 90:1 as well as the prayer of moses the man of god. lord, you were our roof from generation to generation.

Psalms 90:2 it is this : before the mountains were born, and before the mountains were born, you were the earth and the world, from age to ever you are god.

Psalms 90:3 you leave the people to humble, and say, " return back, you people ! "

Psalms 90:4 because for thousand years that a thousand years in your eyes are like the beginning day that passed, and like a guard in the night.

Psalms 90:5 you are like a difficult, they are like a flow. on the morning they are like a flow that passes.

Psalms 90:6 it will be suffered early in the morning, he secrees, and on the afternoon it secrees and secrees.

Psalms 90:7 it is impossible for him, because we have destroyed in your wrath, and in your wrath we are suffered.

Psalms 90:8 you have proclaimed our transgressions before you, our hidden sins for the light of your face.

Psalms 90:9 it is different for us, for all our days destroyed in your anger, we destroy our years like a seed.

Psalms 90:10 " the days of our years are toward them for seventy-two years, or if they are strengthened, it is forty years, and what is greater of them is hard and evil, because he passes toward us, and we will be taken.

Psalms 90:11 who understand the power of your wrath, and who understand your wrath because you are afraid of you ?

Psalms 90:12 just as we should make us to number our right hand, so let us think our wisdom with wisdom.

Psalms 90:13 listen to this, lord ! how long, and be encouraged to your servants !

Psalms 90:14 in this way we were filled with your mercy at the morning, so we will rejoice and rejoice in all our days.

Psalms 90:15 we will be rejoicing with him, because you afflicted us, for the years we have seen evil.

Psalms 90:16 let it be suffering to your servant and see your works for your children.

Psalms 90:17 let the respect of the lord our god may be suffered over us, and confirm the work of our hands on us.

Psalms 91:1 he who remains in the help of the most high will remain in the mountain of the god of heaven.

Psalms 91:2 i will say to the lord : " you is my roof, my roof, my god, in whom i hope.

Psalms 91:3 you will be difficult that he will save you from the strick of the seed and from the false speaking.

Psalms 91:4 you will be different in his passions, and you will be confident under his wings. his truth is a scepter and a sword.

Psalms 91:5 you will not be afraid, you will not be afraid of fear of night, from pill flying for day,

Psalms 91:6 it is not difficulty of what practices the darkness of the dark of the darkness of the mighter on the middad.

Psalms 91:7 two thousand will fall on your right side, and ten thousand at your right hand, but to you will not come.

Psalms 91:8 you will see it with your eyes, and you will see the reward of the immoral.

Psalms 91:9 you will be confident that you, lord, are my hope ! you have made the most high to you.

Psalms 91:10 there will not come something against you, or a plage will not come to your tabernacle.

Psalms 91:11 you are in order that he will command his angels about you, to experience you in all your pains.

Psalms 91:12 they will carry you in their hands, so that you will not struck your foot against a stone.

Psalms 91:13 you will destroy the lew and the dragon, you will suffer the lew and the dragon.

Psalms 91:14 as i think that he has confident in me, i will refried him ; i will reject him because he knows my name.

Psalms 91:15 when he is in it, he will call on me, and i will listen to him. in suffering i will be with him, i will save him and glorify him.

Psalms 91:16 i will make him full of various days, and i will show him my salvation.

Psalms 92:1 it is different practice for the sabbath day. it is good to praise the lord and praise your name, you most high.

Psalms 92:2 however, it is along to proclaim the morning your mercy and your truth in the night.

Psalms 92:3 something for a different harp, with harp and harp.

Psalms 92:4 as long as you have rejoiced me, lord, because you rejoiced me by your deeds, and i will rejoice in the work of your hands.

Psalms 92:5 the works of your deeds, lord, are great, your thoughts are greatly greatly.

Psalms 92:6 a foolish man does not understand this, and the foolish does not understand these things.

Psalms 92:7 just as the immoral produce up like a grass, all lawlessing lawlessness, so that they will be destroyed forever.

Psalms 92:8 he will be different, but you, lord, are high in ever.

Psalms 92:9 it is different that your enemies will perish, and all those who practice lawlessness will be dispersed.

Psalms 92:10 you will be exalted by the night, and you will be exalted as a horn, and you will be start with frunk olive oil.

Psalms 92:11 in the district, my eye will see for my enemies, my oars will hear the orders of the evil ones who rose against me.

Psalms 92:12 the righteous is like a palm, the righteous will stone as palm, he will increase as cedrs on the libano.

Psalms 92:13 when they are planted in the temple of the lord, they will destroy in the courts of our god.

Psalms 92:14 there will be difficult in the alder, they will be faithful and suffering.

Psalms 92:15 i wanted to proclaim that the lord is free, he is my roof, and there is no unrighteousness in him.

Psalms 93:1 the lord is reigned ; he is clothed with power. the lord is clothed with power, he is clothed with power. even the world is firm, that will never be shaken.

Psalms 93:2 the throne of your throne is firm from long ago, because you are from long ago.

Psalms 93:3 after the rivers of the rivers, o lord, the rivers grow their mouth, the rivers grow their mouth.

Psalms 93:4 the lord is greatly astonished than the ground of many waters, the wilderness of the sea, the lord is great in high.

Psalms 93:5 as long as your testimony are confident, holy is the sanctuary to your house, lord, for eternal days.

Psalms 94:1 in the next day of david, o god of judgment, you, god of judgment, respect !

Psalms 94:2 be enough high judgment, you judgers of the earth, repay the reward to the arrogant.

Psalms 94:3 how long as the impii, lord, how long will the impii glorify ?

Psalms 94:4 they will speak something to speak ungodly, all those who practice lawlessness speak.

Psalms 94:5 in the appearance of your people, o lord, they destroy your inheritance.

Psalms 94:6 they kill the widow and the fremder, and kill the orfmen.

Psalms 94:7 in the night they say, " the lord does not see, and the god of jacob will not understand. "

Psalms 94:8 you foolish people, understand yourselves, you foolish among the people, and you foolish, when will you think ?

Psalms 94:9 does the one who planted the ear will not hear ? he who formed the eye does not see ?

Psalms 94:10 however, the discipline of the nations will not reveat, he who teaches people knowledge ?

Psalms 94:11 " the lord is different, he knows people ' s thoughts that they are foolish.

Psalms 94:12 " blessed is the man you discipline, lord, and whom you instruct from your law.

Psalms 94:13 it will be completed to complete him from the evil days until the grow will be healed to the impie.

Psalms 94:14 for in this way, the lord will not reject his people and will not forgive his inheritance.

Psalms 94:15 it will be just as justice turns to judgment, and all who are rectled with heart will follow it.

Psalms 94:16 what will stand with me against the ungodly ? who will stand with me against those who practice lawlessness ?

Psalms 94:17 in the wilderness, if the lord would not be my help, my soul has already assed in sheol.

Psalms 94:18 when i say, " my feet are shaken ! " the mercy of your mercy, lord, help me.

Psalms 94:19 just as i have completed in my heart, lord, your comfort have greatly loved my life.

Psalms 94:20 in this way the throne of lawlessness will not be completed against you, the one who performs hard in the law.

Psalms 94:21 there will be contempt for the person of the righteous, and they will justify unclean blood.

Psalms 94:22 here is my burce, and my god is my roof, my god is my roof of hope.

Psalms 94:23 however, he will give them their transgression, and he will destroy them by their evil deeds, because the lord our god will destroy them.

Psalms 95:1 come, let us praise to the lord, let us praise to the roof of our savior.

Psalms 95:2 we will prophesy before him with praise, and we will praise to him with psalms.

Psalms 95:3 " we will be confident that the lord is a great god and great king over all the gods.

Psalms 95:4 the extrem of the earth is in his hand, and the high mountains are his.

Psalms 95:5 it is different that the sea is his, and he has created it, and his hands have formed the drow.

Psalms 95:6 come, let us worship and worship him, and let us weep before the lord who made us.

Psalms 95:7 you will be just as he himself is our god, and we are the people of his weight, the sheep of his hand. today, if you hear his voice,

Psalms 95:8 " indeed, do not destroy your hearts as in meriba, as in the day of massa in the wilderness.

Psalms 95:9 in the way where your ancestors tempted me, they rejected me and saw my deeds.

Psalms 95:10 for about firty years i became hard for that generation, and i said, ' they are a people who are deceived with their hearts, and they have not known my wells. '

Psalms 95:11 just as i swore in my anger, " they will never enter my rest ! ' "

Psalms 96:1 make a new cance to the lord, all the earth ! cants for the lord, all the earth !

Psalms 96:2 just as you think to the lord, praise his name, proclaim his salvation day for day.

Psalms 96:3 you will proclaim to him in the nations of his glory among all the nations, about his miraculous signs.

Psalms 96:4 since the lord is great and great praise, he is terrified than all the gods.

Psalms 96:5 as long as all the gods of the nations are demons, but the lord has made the heavens.

Psalms 96:6 there is great praise and majesty in his presence, majesty and majesty in his sanctuary.

Psalms 96:7 you, familes of the nations, give it to the lord, give to the lord glory and honor !

Psalms 96:8 you should give him to the lord the glory of his name. bring sacrifices and enter into his courts.

Psalms 96:9 indeed, worship the lord in his holy place ! let all the earth be shaken before him !

Psalms 96:10 you say this among the nations : " the lord remains ! the world is firm so that it will never be shaken. he will judge the peoples with right.

Psalms 96:11 let the heavens rejoice with it, and the earth will rejoice. let and everything that is in it should be shaken.

Psalms 96:12 the wild countryside and everything that is in them will rejoice, then all the trees of the sea will rejoice,

Psalms 96:13 it is right before the lord, for he comes, for he comes to judge the earth. he will judge the world with righteousness, and the peoples with his truth.

Psalms 97:1 the lord is reigned, the earth will rejoice, many island will rejoice.

Psalms 97:2 it is watching a cloud and a knowledge around him. righteousness and judgment is the stone of his throne.

Psalms 97:3 a fire will come before him, and he will destroy his enemies along around him.

Psalms 97:4 the flashes of his flames appeared to the world. the earth saw it and trees.

Psalms 97:5 the mountains of the mountains, the mountains are destroyed from the presence of the lord of all the earth !

Psalms 97:6 as many times, the heavens revealed his righteousness, and all the peoples see his glory.

Psalms 97:7 they will be ashamed of all those who worship the idols, who rejoice in idols. worship him, all the angels !

Psalms 97:8 zion heard this, and it is glad, and the daughters of judah rejoice because of your judgments, lord.

Psalms 97:9 you will be suffering that you, lord, are the most high over all the earth. you are more exalted over all the gods.

Psalms 97:10 nevertheless, you who love the lord, haty what is evil. he bears the souls of his saints, he sakes them from the hand of the impies.

Psalms 97:11 it is difficulty for the righteous, and joy to those who are rectled with heart.

Psalms 97:12 you righteous, rejoice in the lord, you righteous, and praise his holy name.

Psalms 98:1 cance a new song to the lord, for he has done wonders. his right hand and his holy poor held him.

Psalms 98:2 however, the lord has made known his salvation, he has revealed his righteousness before the nations.

Psalms 98:3 he has remembered his mercy and his truth to the house of israel. all the ends of the earth have seen the salvation of our god.

Psalms 98:4 you all the earth, praise to the lord ! rejoice, rejoice and praise !

Psalms 98:5 indeed, praise to the lord with harpa, with harpa, and with harp.

Psalms 98:6 the sound of the trumpet and the sound of the trumpet shoute out before the lord, the lord !

Psalms 98:7 the sea and what is in it must tremble, the world and those who live in it, the world and those who live in it.

Psalms 98:8 they will strike in the district of the rivers, the mountains will rejoice together.

Psalms 98:9 as long as it is coming to judge the earth, he will judge the world with righteousness, and peoples with right.

Psalms 99:1 the lord remains, the peoples are trembling. he sits on the cherubs, the earth is shaken.

Psalms 99:2 " the lord will be great in zion and exalted over all peoples.

Psalms 99:3 they will be trying to celebrate your great and terrible name. he is holy.

Psalms 99:4 the respect and honor of the king love for judgment. you have prepared what is right, you have done the right and righteousness in jacob.

Psalms 99:5 indeed, exalt the lord our god, and worship for the foot of his feet, for he is holy.

Psalms 99:6 moses and aaron were in order with his priests, but samuel among those who called his name. they prayed to the lord, and he answered them.

Psalms 99:7 he was speaking in a cloud coll with them, because they obeyed his testimony and the commandments he had given to them.

Psalms 99:8 you will be respected, lord our god, you answered them. you were for them a god who were complete, and you were punishing for their deeds.

Psalms 99:9 indeed, exalt the lord our god and worship on his holy mountain, for holy is the lord our god.

Psalms 100:1 all the earth will praise to the lord, all the earth !

Psalms 100:2 you will serve the lord with joy, come before him with joy !

Psalms 100:3 just as you think that the lord is god, he has made us, and not we. we are his people, the sheep of his weight.

Psalms 100:4 in this way, enter into his gates with thanksgiving, into his courts with hymns. praise him, praise his name !

Psalms 100:5 he is confident that the lord is good, his mercy is eternal, and his truth is from generation to generation.

Psalms 101:1 i will praise the gifts of david. i will praise mercy and judgment.

Psalms 101:2 i will respect in complete hearts, and i will understand the perfect way. when will you come to me ? i will go in the middle of my heart in my house.

Psalms 101:3 " i have not proclaimed a importation before my eyes, but i hates those who practice transgressions.

Psalms 101:4 there is a severe heart that rejects from me ; i do not recognize the evil one.

Psalms 101:5 in the importation of the one who divorces his neighbor, i will destroy him. i will not complete the arrogant and arrogant hearts.

Psalms 101:6 " my eyes will be difficult for the believers of the earth, so that they will live with me. he will be serving me.

Psalms 101:7 the one who practices arrogance is in my house. the one who speaks ungodly does not be ready before me.

Psalms 101:8 " in the journey, i will make all the impii of the earth to destroy all those who practice lawlessness from the city of the lord.

Psalms 102:1 to the poor i pray for the poor when he is heard, and make out his supplice before the lord. here, listen to my prayer, and my call may come to you !

Psalms 102:2 when i am afflicted, do not destroy your face to me on my benefit. lead my ear to me on the day when i call.

Psalms 102:3 as long as my days are destroyed like smoke, and my bears are gathered like a flock.

Psalms 102:4 my heart is suffered like a grass, my heart is torn, because i dimented to eat my bread.

Psalms 102:5 in the journey, because of my suffering, my bears are clothed for my flesh.

Psalms 102:6 i appeares like pell in the wilderness, i am like a rup in the heads.

Psalms 102:7 i was greatly hidden, and i am like a wild struck on a tac.

Psalms 102:8 in the whole day my enemies insult me, and those who learn against me swear against me.

Psalms 102:9 i think that i eat food like bread, and i spring my drink with weeping.

Psalms 102:10 in the sexual immorality, because of your wrath and wrath, because you looked up and destroyed me.

Psalms 102:11 my days are gathered like a shadow, and i am torn like the grass.

Psalms 102:12 you will be different, but you, lord, will remain forever, and your memorial is from generation to generation.

Psalms 102:13 " in the journey you will stand and wait for zion, for there is a time to show mercy for her, for a time has come.

Psalms 102:14 as long as your servants pleased its stones and show mercy to her stof,

Psalms 102:15 when it is divided, the nations will be afraid of the name of the lord, and all the kings of the earth will fear your glory.

Psalms 102:16 as long as the lord will rebuild zion, he will appear in his glory.

Psalms 102:17 however, he has regained the prayer of the poor, and does not destroy their call.

Psalms 102:18 it will be written in this order for the eternal generation, and the people who will be created will praise the lord.

Psalms 102:19 it is beyond that he looked up from his holy high, from heaven the lord regaines to the earth,

Psalms 102:20 in regard to listen to the suffering of the captive, to release the morderers.

Psalms 102:21 it is unable to proclaim the name of the lord in zion and his praise in jerusalem,

Psalms 102:22 as long as the peoples and the kingdoms will assemble together to serve the lord.

Psalms 102:23 however, he testified to him in the way of his power, the wear of my days - tell me.

Psalms 102:24 in the content, do not let me go up in the new of my days, your years are from generation to generation.

Psalms 102:25 in the later you themselves, o lord, has themselves themselves to the earth, and the heavens are the work of your hands.

Psalms 102:26 they will be divided, they will perish, but you will remain. they will all start as a clothing, you will gather them like a clothing, and they will be reconciled.

Psalms 102:27 you will be toward you, but you are the same, and your years will never perish.

Psalms 102:28 the children of your servants will be asserved, and their descendants will live forever.

Psalms 103:1 to david. praise the lord, my soul, and everything in me, praise his holy name.

Psalms 103:2 just as it is, praise the lord, my soul, and do not forgive all his acts !

Psalms 103:3 in the order of those who reject all your transgressions, who heats all your diseases,

Psalms 103:4 in the way of those who redees your life from destruction, who crown you with mercy and mercy.

Psalms 103:5 you will be revealed to those who are satisfied with good, your mounishness will be renewed like a arend.

Psalms 103:6 the lord is experienced justice, and judgment to all who are ungodly.

Psalms 103:7 however, he has made known to moses his ways, to the people of israel his deeds.

Psalms 103:8 for the lord is full of mercy and mercy, patience and great mercy.

Psalms 103:9 he will be difficult for all times, he will not make anger for all times.

Psalms 103:10 he does not complete us according to our sins and does not repay us according to our transgressions.

Psalms 103:11 just as the sky is high from the earth, so great is his mercy for those who fear him.

Psalms 103:12 whenever the east is from the west, he has rejected from us our transgressions.

